Suriname has official language English language
Suriname has official language French language
Suriname has official language Portuguese language
Suriname has official language Spanish language
Suriname has official language Arabic language
Suriname has official language Dutch language
Suriname has official language German language
Suriname has official language Italian language
Suriname has official language Russian language
Suriname has official language Urdu
Mantorras plays for Angola national football team
Mantorras plays for C.D. Primeiro de Agosto
Mantorras plays for Progresso Associação do Sambizanga
Mantorras plays for S.L. Benfica
Mantorras plays for F.C. Alverca
Mantorras plays for FC Barcelona B
Mantorras plays for Atlético Petróleos de Luanda
Mantorras plays for FC Barcelona
Mantorras plays for C.R. Caála
Mantorras plays for G.D. Estoril Praia
Pablo Bonells is affiliated to Pumas Morelos
Pablo Bonells is affiliated to Club Universidad Nacional
Pablo Bonells is affiliated to Querétaro F.C.
Pablo Bonells is affiliated to Club León
Pablo Bonells is affiliated to Club Celaya
Pablo Bonells is affiliated to Puebla F.C.
Pablo Bonells is affiliated to Atlético Celaya
Pablo Bonells is affiliated to Mexico national football team
Pablo Bonells is affiliated to Cruz Azul
Pablo Bonells is affiliated to Club Atlas
Jürgen Habermas is interested in Political philosophy
Jürgen Habermas is interested in Philosophy of language
Jürgen Habermas is interested in Marxism
Jürgen Habermas is interested in Philosophy of religion
Jürgen Habermas is interested in Philosophy of history
Jürgen Habermas is interested in Philosophy of science
Jürgen Habermas is interested in Philosophy of mind
Jürgen Habermas is interested in Phenomenology (philosophy)
Jürgen Habermas is interested in Philosophy of mathematics
Jürgen Habermas is interested in Islamic philosophy
Victorio Cocco is affiliated to Club Atlético Atlanta
Victorio Cocco is affiliated to Unión de Santa Fe
Victorio Cocco is affiliated to Boca Juniors
Victorio Cocco is affiliated to San Lorenzo de Almagro
Victorio Cocco is affiliated to Cúcuta Deportivo
Victorio Cocco is affiliated to Club Atlético River Plate
Victorio Cocco is affiliated to Argentina national football team
Victorio Cocco is affiliated to Deportivo de La Coruña
Victorio Cocco is affiliated to R.C. Deportivo de La Coruña
Victorio Cocco is affiliated to C.A. San Lorenzo de Almagro
Velibor Vasović plays for FK Partizan
Velibor Vasović plays for Red Star Belgrade
Velibor Vasović plays for Yugoslavia national football team
Velibor Vasović plays for FK Proleter Zrenjanin
Velibor Vasović plays for F.K. Red Star Belgrade
Velibor Vasović plays for F.K. Partizan
Velibor Vasović plays for FK Banat Zrenjanin
Velibor Vasović plays for AFC Ajax
Velibor Vasović plays for Ethnikos Piraeus F.C.
Velibor Vasović plays for Paris Saint-Germain F.C.
Telmo Zarra died in Bilbao
Telmo Zarra died in Barcelona
Telmo Zarra died in Madrid
Telmo Zarra died in London
Telmo Zarra died in Paris
Telmo Zarra died in Los Angeles
Telmo Zarra died in New York City
Telmo Zarra died in Vienna
Telmo Zarra died in Valencia
Telmo Zarra died in Toronto
"Robert Gascoyne-Cecil, 3rd Marquess of Salisbury has gender male"
"Robert Gascoyne-Cecil, 3rd Marquess of Salisbury has gender female"
"Robert Gascoyne-Cecil, 3rd Marquess of Salisbury has gender Tomsk"
"Robert Gascoyne-Cecil, 3rd Marquess of Salisbury has gender Turkey"
"Robert Gascoyne-Cecil, 3rd Marquess of Salisbury has gender Azerbaijan"
"Robert Gascoyne-Cecil, 3rd Marquess of Salisbury has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5"
"Robert Gascoyne-Cecil, 3rd Marquess of Salisbury has gender London Heathrow Terminal 3"
"Robert Gascoyne-Cecil, 3rd Marquess of Salisbury has gender Laureus World Sports Awards"
"Robert Gascoyne-Cecil, 3rd Marquess of Salisbury has gender Erasmus Prize"
"Robert Gascoyne-Cecil, 3rd Marquess of Salisbury has gender Baku"
Torbjörn Nilsson is affiliated to Västra Frölunda IF
Torbjörn Nilsson is affiliated to Sweden national football team
Torbjörn Nilsson is affiliated to PSV Eindhoven
Torbjörn Nilsson is affiliated to Örgryte IS
Torbjörn Nilsson is affiliated to IFK Göteborg
Torbjörn Nilsson is affiliated to P.S.V. Eindhoven
Torbjörn Nilsson is affiliated to 1. FC Kaiserslautern
Torbjörn Nilsson is affiliated to BK Häcken
Torbjörn Nilsson is affiliated to Malmö FF
Torbjörn Nilsson is affiliated to Sweden national under-21 football team
"Rosemère, Quebec is located in Thérèse-De Blainville Regional County Municipality"
"Rosemère, Quebec is located in Laurentides"
"Rosemère, Quebec is located in United States"
"Rosemère, Quebec is located in Quebec"
"Rosemère, Quebec is located in Rosemère, Quebec"
"Rosemère, Quebec is located in Poland"
"Rosemère, Quebec is located in Canada"
"Rosemère, Quebec is located in Les Laurentides Regional County Municipality"
"Rosemère, Quebec is located in Deux-Montagnes Regional County Municipality"
"Rosemère, Quebec is located in Blainville, Quebec"
Mark Blake (footballer born 1970) is affiliated to Kidderminster Harriers F.C.
Mark Blake (footballer born 1970) is affiliated to Aston Villa F.C.
Mark Blake (footballer born 1970) is affiliated to Walsall F.C.
Mark Blake (footballer born 1970) is affiliated to Leicester City F.C.
Mark Blake (footballer born 1970) is affiliated to Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C.
Mark Blake (footballer born 1970) is affiliated to Mansfield Town F.C.
Mark Blake (footballer born 1970) is affiliated to England national under-21 football team
Mark Blake (footballer born 1970) is affiliated to Portsmouth F.C.
Mark Blake (footballer born 1970) is affiliated to Derby County F.C.
Mark Blake (footballer born 1970) is affiliated to Birmingham City F.C.
Tony Jantschke plays for SC Borea Dresden
Tony Jantschke plays for Germany national youth football team
Tony Jantschke plays for Borussia Mönchengladbach
Tony Jantschke plays for Germany national under-21 football team
Tony Jantschke plays for de/Deutsche Fußballnationalmannschaft (U-19-Junioren)
Tony Jantschke plays for de/Deutsche Fußballnationalmannschaft (U-17-Junioren)
Tony Jantschke plays for de/Deutsche Fußballnationalmannschaft (U-20-Männer)
Tony Jantschke plays for Germany national football team
Tony Jantschke plays for Dynamo Dresden
Tony Jantschke plays for Alemannia Aachen
Pavel Košťál is affiliated to SC Wiener Neustadt
Pavel Košťál is affiliated to FC Hradec Králové
Pavel Košťál is affiliated to FC Slovan Liberec
Pavel Košťál is affiliated to FC Zbrojovka Brno
Pavel Košťál is affiliated to FK Baník Most
Pavel Košťál is affiliated to F.C. Hansa Rostock
Pavel Košťál is affiliated to Hansa Rostock
Pavel Košťál is affiliated to Czech Republic national football team
Pavel Košťál is affiliated to AC Sparta Prague
Pavel Košťál is affiliated to Czech Republic national under-21 football team
Bret McKenzie has musical role wordnet drum 103249569
Bret McKenzie has musical role wordnet uke 104506289
Bret McKenzie has musical role wordnet keyboard 103614007
Bret McKenzie has musical role wordnet guitar 103467517
Bret McKenzie has musical role wordnet piano 103928116
Bret McKenzie has musical role wordnet vocal music 107282006
Bret McKenzie has musical role wordnet percussion 100545059
Bret McKenzie has musical role wordnet bass guitar 102804123
Bret McKenzie has musical role wordnet harmonica 103494278
Bret McKenzie has musical role wordnet synthesist 110687231
Édouard Wawrzyniak is affiliated to SC Fives
Édouard Wawrzyniak is affiliated to Le Havre A.C.
Édouard Wawrzyniak is affiliated to Olympique de Marseille
Édouard Wawrzyniak is affiliated to Le Havre AC
Édouard Wawrzyniak is affiliated to France national football team
Édouard Wawrzyniak is affiliated to Valenciennes FC
Édouard Wawrzyniak is affiliated to Valenciennes F.C.
Édouard Wawrzyniak is affiliated to France national under-21 football team
Édouard Wawrzyniak is affiliated to Stade Rennais F.C.
Édouard Wawrzyniak is affiliated to Lille OSC
Chaker Zouagi plays for Olympique Béja
Chaker Zouagi plays for Espérance de Tunis
Chaker Zouagi plays for Étoile du Sahel
Chaker Zouagi plays for fr/Olympique de Béja (football)
Chaker Zouagi plays for Tunisia national football team
Chaker Zouagi plays for Tunisia national under-20 football team
Chaker Zouagi plays for FC Zürich
Chaker Zouagi plays for FC Lokomotiv Moscow
Chaker Zouagi plays for Olmaliq FK
Chaker Zouagi plays for Club Africain
Jim Moffat is affiliated to Forfar Athletic F.C.
Jim Moffat is affiliated to East Fife F.C.
Jim Moffat is affiliated to East Stirlingshire F.C.
Jim Moffat is affiliated to Cowdenbeath F.C.
Jim Moffat is affiliated to Montrose F.C.
Jim Moffat is affiliated to Brechin City F.C.
Jim Moffat is affiliated to Dunfermline Athletic F.C.
Jim Moffat is affiliated to Hamilton Academical F.C.
Jim Moffat is affiliated to Albion Rovers F.C.
Jim Moffat is affiliated to Raith Rovers F.C.
Alan Sunderland plays for Ipswich Town F.C.
Alan Sunderland plays for Arsenal F.C.
Alan Sunderland plays for Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C.
Alan Sunderland plays for England national football B team
Alan Sunderland plays for England national football team
Alan Sunderland plays for England national under-21 football team
Alan Sunderland plays for Derry City F.C.
Alan Sunderland plays for West Ham United F.C.
Alan Sunderland plays for Sunderland A.F.C.
Alan Sunderland plays for Manchester City F.C.
José Callejón plays for Real Madrid C.F.
José Callejón plays for RCD Espanyol
José Callejón plays for Real Madrid Castilla
José Callejón plays for S.S.C. Napoli
José Callejón plays for Real Madrid C
José Callejón plays for Spain national football team
José Callejón plays for R.C.D. Espanyol de Barcelona
José Callejón plays for Spain national under-21 football team
José Callejón plays for Spain national under-18 football team
José Callejón plays for FC Barcelona
Jesús Turiel is affiliated to Pontevedra CF
Jesús Turiel is affiliated to CD Toledo
Jesús Turiel is affiliated to Deportivo Alavés
Jesús Turiel is affiliated to Real Valladolid
Jesús Turiel is affiliated to Real Valladolid B
Jesús Turiel is affiliated to Hércules CF
Jesús Turiel is affiliated to Elche CF
Jesús Turiel is affiliated to Real Valladolid C.F.
Jesús Turiel is affiliated to Elche C.F.
Jesús Turiel is affiliated to Hércules C.F.
Luciano Quadros da Silva was born in São Paulo
Luciano Quadros da Silva was born in Hong Kong
"Luciano Quadros da Silva was born in Salvador, Bahia"
Luciano Quadros da Silva was born in Porto Alegre
Luciano Quadros da Silva was born in Campinas
Luciano Quadros da Silva was born in Curitiba
Luciano Quadros da Silva was born in Brasília
Luciano Quadros da Silva was born in Guarulhos
Luciano Quadros da Silva was born in Rio de Janeiro
Luciano Quadros da Silva was born in London
Pat Noonan is affiliated to Indiana Hoosiers men's soccer
Pat Noonan is affiliated to Michigan Bucks
Pat Noonan is affiliated to LA Galaxy
Pat Noonan is affiliated to Columbus Crew
Pat Noonan is affiliated to Seattle Sounders FC
Pat Noonan is affiliated to New England Revolution
Pat Noonan is affiliated to Aalesunds FK
Pat Noonan is affiliated to Los Angeles Galaxy
Pat Noonan is affiliated to United States men's national soccer team
Pat Noonan is affiliated to Colorado Rapids
Battle of the Dukla Pass happened in Kingdom of Hungary (1920–46)
Battle of the Dukla Pass happened in Czechoslovak government-in-exile
Battle of the Dukla Pass happened in Soviet Union
Battle of the Dukla Pass happened in Dukla
Battle of the Dukla Pass happened in Poland
Battle of the Dukla Pass happened in Slovakia
Battle of the Dukla Pass happened in Nazi Germany
Battle of the Dukla Pass happened in Kingdom of Hungary
Battle of the Dukla Pass happened in Russia
Battle of the Dukla Pass happened in Czechoslovakia
Frank Mill is affiliated to Rot-Weiss Essen
Frank Mill is affiliated to Borussia Dortmund
Frank Mill is affiliated to Borussia Mönchengladbach
Frank Mill is affiliated to Germany Olympic football team
Frank Mill is affiliated to Germany national under-21 football team
Frank Mill is affiliated to Germany national football team
Frank Mill is affiliated to Fortuna Düsseldorf
Frank Mill is affiliated to Germany national football B team
Frank Mill is affiliated to FC Schalke 04
Frank Mill is affiliated to Schwarz-Weiß Essen
"Leopold III, Margrave of Austria has child Henry II, Duke of Austria"
"Leopold III, Margrave of Austria has child Agnes of Babenberg"
"Leopold III, Margrave of Austria has child Leopold III, Margrave of Austria"
"Leopold III, Margrave of Austria has child Agnes of Germany"
"Leopold III, Margrave of Austria has child Władysław II the Exile"
"Leopold III, Margrave of Austria has child Conrad III of Germany"
"Leopold III, Margrave of Austria has child Gertrude of Babenberg, Duchess of Bohemia"
"Leopold III, Margrave of Austria has child Bertha of Savoy"
"Leopold III, Margrave of Austria has child Mieszko IV Tanglefoot"
"Leopold III, Margrave of Austria has child Henry IV, Holy Roman Emperor"
Marcel Schmelzer plays for SV Fortuna Magdeburg
Marcel Schmelzer plays for 1. FC Magdeburg
Marcel Schmelzer plays for Borussia Dortmund
Marcel Schmelzer plays for Borussia Dortmund II
Marcel Schmelzer plays for Germany national football team
Marcel Schmelzer plays for Germany national under-21 football team
Marcel Schmelzer plays for Germany national youth football team
Marcel Schmelzer plays for Germany national football B team
Marcel Schmelzer plays for Hannover 96
Marcel Schmelzer plays for Karlsruher SC
Eran Zahavi was born in Holon
Eran Zahavi was born in Rishon LeZion
Eran Zahavi was born in Petah Tikva
Eran Zahavi was born in Netanya
Eran Zahavi was born in Tel Aviv
Eran Zahavi was born in Lod
Eran Zahavi was born in Beersheba
Eran Zahavi was born in Ramat Gan
Eran Zahavi was born in Ashdod
Eran Zahavi was born in Haifa
Stan Lazaridis plays for Floreat Athena FC
Stan Lazaridis plays for West Adelaide SC
Stan Lazaridis plays for Australia national association football team
Stan Lazaridis plays for West Ham United F.C.
Stan Lazaridis plays for Birmingham City F.C.
Stan Lazaridis plays for Perth Glory FC
Stan Lazaridis plays for Australia national football team
Stan Lazaridis plays for Adelaide City FC
Stan Lazaridis plays for Australia national under-23 association football team
Stan Lazaridis plays for Melbourne Knights FC
Fabio Bonci plays for Mantova F.C.
Fabio Bonci plays for A.S. Varese 1910
Fabio Bonci plays for Parma F.C.
Fabio Bonci plays for A.C. Reggiana 1919
Fabio Bonci plays for Italy national under-21 football team
Fabio Bonci plays for Atalanta B.C.
Fabio Bonci plays for Genoa C.F.C.
Fabio Bonci plays for Juventus F.C.
Fabio Bonci plays for A.C. Perugia Calcio
Fabio Bonci plays for Italy national football team
Arran Lee-Barrett plays for Ipswich Town F.C.
Arran Lee-Barrett plays for Weymouth F.C.
Arran Lee-Barrett plays for Millwall F.C.
Arran Lee-Barrett plays for Coventry City F.C.
Arran Lee-Barrett plays for Hartlepool United F.C.
Arran Lee-Barrett plays for Bolton Wanderers F.C.
Arran Lee-Barrett plays for Norwich City F.C.
Arran Lee-Barrett plays for Cardiff City F.C.
Arran Lee-Barrett plays for England national football C team
Arran Lee-Barrett plays for Cambridge United F.C.
Celso Brum Junior plays for Busaiteen Club
Celso Brum Junior plays for Al-Arabi SC (Kuwait)
Celso Brum Junior plays for Brazil men's national volleyball team
Celso Brum Junior plays for Clube Esportivo Bento Gonçalves
Celso Brum Junior plays for Fluminense FC
Celso Brum Junior plays for Coritiba Foot Ball Club
Celso Brum Junior plays for Sport Club Internacional
Celso Brum Junior plays for Clube Atlético Paranaense
Celso Brum Junior plays for Fujairah SC
Celso Brum Junior plays for Paraná Clube
Republic of Serbian Krajina participated in Croatian War of Independence
Republic of Serbian Krajina participated in Battle of Vukovar
Republic of Serbian Krajina participated in Ottoman wars in Europe
Republic of Serbian Krajina participated in Second Crusade
Republic of Serbian Krajina participated in Fifth Crusade
Republic of Serbian Krajina participated in Fourth Crusade
Republic of Serbian Krajina participated in Long War (1591–1606)
Republic of Serbian Krajina participated in Battle of Varna
Republic of Serbian Krajina participated in Battle of Sirmium
Republic of Serbian Krajina participated in Battle of Mohács (1687)
Srikanth Deva wrote music for Aalwar
Srikanth Deva wrote music for M. Kumaran S/O Mahalakshmi
Srikanth Deva wrote music for Bagavathi
Srikanth Deva wrote music for Saravana
Srikanth Deva wrote music for Kuththu
Srikanth Deva wrote music for Pandi (film)
Srikanth Deva wrote music for Murattu Kaalai (2012 film)
Srikanth Deva wrote music for Arasangam
Srikanth Deva wrote music for Sivakasi (film)
Srikanth Deva wrote music for Virumbugiren
Jörg Reeb plays for 1. FC Saarbrücken
Jörg Reeb plays for 1. FC Köln
Jörg Reeb plays for Arminia Bielefeld
Jörg Reeb plays for Bayer 04 Leverkusen
Jörg Reeb plays for 1. FC Cologne
Jörg Reeb plays for 1.F.C. Saarbrücken
Jörg Reeb plays for FC Augsburg
Jörg Reeb plays for Germany national under-21 football team
Jörg Reeb plays for Bayer 04 Leverkusen II
Jörg Reeb plays for Germany national football team
Josip Škorić has gender male
Josip Škorić has gender female
Josip Škorić has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Josip Škorić has gender London Heathrow Terminal 3
Josip Škorić has gender Republican Party (United States)
Josip Škorić has gender Turkey
Josip Škorić has gender United Kingdom
Josip Škorić has gender London Heathrow Terminal 1
Josip Škorić has gender Democratic Party (United States)
Josip Škorić has gender Africa
Jorginho Putinatti plays for Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras
Jorginho Putinatti plays for Sport Club Corinthians Paulista
Jorginho Putinatti plays for Santos FC
Jorginho Putinatti plays for Marília Atlético Clube
Jorginho Putinatti plays for Esporte Clube XV de Novembro (Piracicaba)
Jorginho Putinatti plays for Guarani Futebol Clube
Jorginho Putinatti plays for Grêmio Foot-Ball Porto Alegrense
Jorginho Putinatti plays for Nagoya Grampus
Jorginho Putinatti plays for Brazil national football team
Jorginho Putinatti plays for Santos F.C.
Anzor Kavazashvili is affiliated to FC Torpedo Kutaisi
Anzor Kavazashvili is affiliated to Soviet Union national football team
Anzor Kavazashvili is affiliated to FC Torpedo Moscow
Anzor Kavazashvili is affiliated to FC Spartak Moscow
Anzor Kavazashvili is affiliated to FC Dinamo Tbilisi
Anzor Kavazashvili is affiliated to FC Zenit Saint Petersburg
Anzor Kavazashvili is affiliated to FC Spartak Kostroma
Anzor Kavazashvili is affiliated to Spartak Moscow
Anzor Kavazashvili is affiliated to F.C. Zenit St. Petersburg
Anzor Kavazashvili is affiliated to Russia national football team
Wang Xiao plays for Yunnan Hongta F.C.
Wang Xiao plays for China national football team
Wang Xiao plays for Liaoning Whowin F.C.
Wang Xiao plays for Tianjin Teda F.C.
Wang Xiao plays for Shenzhen Ruby F.C.
Wang Xiao plays for Chongqing Lifan F.C.
Wang Xiao plays for China PR national football team
Wang Xiao plays for Qingdao Jonoon F.C.
Wang Xiao plays for Shanghai Greenland F.C.
Wang Xiao plays for Shenyang Dongjin F.C.
Alexander Downer has won prize Centenary Medal
Alexander Downer has won prize Order of Australia
Alexander Downer has won prize Order of the Rising Sun
Alexander Downer has won prize Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
Alexander Downer has won prize Nobel Prize in Physics
Alexander Downer has won prize Australian of the Year
Alexander Downer has won prize Order of the White Eagle (Poland)
Alexander Downer has won prize Australian Sports Medal
Alexander Downer has won prize Golden Globe Award
Alexander Downer has won prize Order of Leopold (Belgium)
"Weston, Connecticut is located in Fairfield County, Connecticut"
"Weston, Connecticut is located in Fairfield County"
"Weston, Connecticut is located in Connecticut"
"Weston, Connecticut is located in United States"
"Weston, Connecticut is located in New York metropolitan area"
"Weston, Connecticut is located in California"
"Weston, Connecticut is located in United Kingdom"
"Weston, Connecticut is located in Housatonic Valley"
"Weston, Connecticut is located in France"
"Weston, Connecticut is located in Hartford County, Connecticut"
Herman Van Rompuy has gender male
Herman Van Rompuy has gender female
Herman Van Rompuy has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Herman Van Rompuy has gender London Heathrow Terminal 3
Herman Van Rompuy has gender Tomsk
Herman Van Rompuy has gender Turkey
Herman Van Rompuy has gender London Heathrow Terminal 1
Herman Van Rompuy has gender United Kingdom
Herman Van Rompuy has gender Brazil
Herman Van Rompuy has gender Europe
Lee Keun-ho plays for Ulsan Hyundai FC
Lee Keun-ho plays for South Korea national under-23 football team
Lee Keun-ho plays for Sangju Sangmu FC
Lee Keun-ho plays for South Korea national under-20 football team
Lee Keun-ho plays for South Korea national football team
Lee Keun-ho plays for Incheon United FC
Lee Keun-ho plays for Júbilo Iwata
Lee Keun-ho plays for Gamba Osaka
Lee Keun-ho plays for Daegu FC
Lee Keun-ho plays for FC Seoul
Manuel Clares is affiliated to C.D. Castellón
Manuel Clares is affiliated to Rayo Vallecano
Manuel Clares is affiliated to FC Barcelona
Manuel Clares is affiliated to CD Castellón
Manuel Clares is affiliated to Spain national football team
Manuel Clares is affiliated to Spain national under-21 football team
Manuel Clares is affiliated to FC Barcelona B
Manuel Clares is affiliated to Real Madrid C.F.
Manuel Clares is affiliated to R.C.D. Espanyol de Barcelona
Manuel Clares is affiliated to Spain national under-23 football team
Bruno Pereirinha is affiliated to Portugal national under-20 football team
Bruno Pereirinha is affiliated to Sporting Clube de Portugal B
Bruno Pereirinha is affiliated to Sporting Clube de Portugal
Bruno Pereirinha is affiliated to Portugal national under-21 football team
Bruno Pereirinha is affiliated to C.D. Olivais e Moscavide
Bruno Pereirinha is affiliated to Portugal national under-19 football team
Bruno Pereirinha is affiliated to C.F. Os Belenenses
Bruno Pereirinha is affiliated to Kavala F.C.
Bruno Pereirinha is affiliated to S.S. Lazio
Bruno Pereirinha is affiliated to Vitória S.C.
Justin Moose is affiliated to Carolina Dynamo
Justin Moose is affiliated to D.C. United
Justin Moose is affiliated to Seinäjoen Jalkapallokerho
Justin Moose is affiliated to Vancouver Whitecaps (1986–2010)
Justin Moose is affiliated to Helsingin Jalkapalloklubi
Justin Moose is affiliated to Sriracha F.C.
Justin Moose is affiliated to FC Haka
Justin Moose is affiliated to Finland national football team
Justin Moose is affiliated to Atlanta Silverbacks
Justin Moose is affiliated to New England Revolution
Joe Smith (footballer born 1890) has gender male
Joe Smith (footballer born 1890) has gender female
Joe Smith (footballer born 1890) has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Joe Smith (footballer born 1890) has gender Golden Globe Award
Joe Smith (footballer born 1890) has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Joe Smith (footballer born 1890) has gender Republican Party (United States)
Joe Smith (footballer born 1890) has gender Azerbaijan
Joe Smith (footballer born 1890) has gender César Award
Joe Smith (footballer born 1890) has gender United States
Joe Smith (footballer born 1890) has gender wordnet electronics 106099269
Saving Private Ryan is located in United States
Saving Private Ryan is located in United Kingdom
Saving Private Ryan is located in Germany
Saving Private Ryan is located in India
Saving Private Ryan is located in Canada
Saving Private Ryan is located in France
Saving Private Ryan is located in Italy
Saving Private Ryan is located in Japan
Saving Private Ryan is located in China
Saving Private Ryan is located in Australia
Harald Wapenaar is affiliated to Sparta Rotterdam
Harald Wapenaar is affiliated to Helmond Sport
Harald Wapenaar is affiliated to Feyenoord
Harald Wapenaar is affiliated to RBC Roosendaal
Harald Wapenaar is affiliated to Vitesse
Harald Wapenaar is affiliated to FC Utrecht
Harald Wapenaar is affiliated to F.C. Utrecht
Harald Wapenaar is affiliated to S.B.V. Excelsior
Harald Wapenaar is affiliated to Portsmouth F.C.
Harald Wapenaar is affiliated to Udinese Calcio
Jimmy Robertson (footballer born 1880) plays for Glossop North End A.F.C.
Jimmy Robertson (footballer born 1880) plays for Leeds City F.C.
Jimmy Robertson (footballer born 1880) plays for Leyton F.C.
Jimmy Robertson (footballer born 1880) plays for Barrow A.F.C.
Jimmy Robertson (footballer born 1880) plays for Crewe Alexandra F.C.
Jimmy Robertson (footballer born 1880) plays for Partick Thistle F.C.
Jimmy Robertson (footballer born 1880) plays for Birmingham City F.C.
Jimmy Robertson (footballer born 1880) plays for Gateshead F.C.
Jimmy Robertson (footballer born 1880) plays for Ayr United F.C.
Jimmy Robertson (footballer born 1880) plays for Chelsea F.C.
Gonzalo Abán plays for San Luis de Quillota
Gonzalo Abán plays for Club Ferro Carril Oeste
Gonzalo Abán plays for Argentina national under-20 football team
Gonzalo Abán plays for Club Atlético River Plate
Gonzalo Abán plays for Argentinos Juniors
Gonzalo Abán plays for Racing de Olavarría
Gonzalo Abán plays for Argentina national football team
Gonzalo Abán plays for C.A. River Plate
Gonzalo Abán plays for A.A. Argentinos Juniors
Gonzalo Abán plays for Ferro Carril Oeste
Battle of Dürenstein happened in Austrian Empire
Battle of Dürenstein happened in Austria
Battle of Dürenstein happened in Danube
Battle of Dürenstein happened in First French Empire
Battle of Dürenstein happened in Lower Austria
Battle of Dürenstein happened in Russian Empire
Battle of Dürenstein happened in Kingdom of Prussia
Battle of Dürenstein happened in Germany
Battle of Dürenstein happened in Prussia
Battle of Dürenstein happened in Kingdom of Bavaria
Teejan Bai has won prize Sangeet Natak Akademi Award
Teejan Bai has won prize Padma Bhushan
Teejan Bai has won prize Padma Shri
Teejan Bai has won prize Filmfare Awards
Teejan Bai has won prize Golden Globe Award
Teejan Bai has won prize National Film Awards (India)
Teejan Bai has won prize Grammy Award
Teejan Bai has won prize Tony Award
Teejan Bai has won prize Ramon Magsaysay Award
Teejan Bai has won prize Padma Vibhushan
Darren Baxter (English footballer) is affiliated to Brampton United
Darren Baxter (English footballer) is affiliated to Worthing F.C.
Darren Baxter (English footballer) is affiliated to St Albans City F.C.
Darren Baxter (English footballer) is affiliated to Toronto Lynx
Darren Baxter (English footballer) is affiliated to Chelsea F.C.
Darren Baxter (English footballer) is affiliated to Heart of Midlothian F.C.
Darren Baxter (English footballer) is affiliated to Torquay United F.C.
Darren Baxter (English footballer) is affiliated to Brentford F.C.
Darren Baxter (English footballer) is affiliated to Brighton & Hove Albion F.C.
Darren Baxter (English footballer) is affiliated to Luton Town F.C.
Milan Blagojevic plays for Sydney Olympic FC
Milan Blagojevic plays for Australia national association football team
Milan Blagojevic plays for Parramatta Power SC
Milan Blagojevic plays for Marconi Stallions FC
Milan Blagojevic plays for APIA Leichhardt Tigers FC
Milan Blagojevic plays for Bonnyrigg White Eagles FC
Milan Blagojevic plays for Australia national under-23 association football team
Milan Blagojevic plays for Australia national under-20 association football team
Milan Blagojevic plays for Newcastle Jets FC
Milan Blagojevic plays for Parramatta Power
Azar Karadas plays for Sogndal Fotball
Azar Karadas plays for SK Brann
Azar Karadas plays for Rosenborg BK
Azar Karadas plays for Norway national football team
Azar Karadas plays for Norway national under-21 football team
Azar Karadas plays for 1. FC Kaiserslautern
Azar Karadas plays for Portsmouth F.C.
Azar Karadas plays for S.L. Benfica
Azar Karadas plays for Kasımpaşa Spor Kulübü
Azar Karadas plays for Lillestrøm SK
Pontus Farnerud plays for Sweden national football team
Pontus Farnerud plays for IFK Göteborg
Pontus Farnerud plays for RC Strasbourg
Pontus Farnerud plays for AS Monaco FC
Pontus Farnerud plays for Sweden national under-21 football team
Pontus Farnerud plays for Stabæk Fotball
Pontus Farnerud plays for Landskrona BoIS
Pontus Farnerud plays for A.S. Monaco F.C.
Pontus Farnerud plays for Sporting Clube de Portugal
Pontus Farnerud plays for R.C. Strasbourg
Redange is located in Redange (canton)
Redange is located in Diekirch District
Redange is located in Redange
Redange is located in Luxembourg
Redange is located in United States
Redange is located in Poland
Redange is located in Germany
Redange is located in Europe
Redange is located in France
Redange is located in Italy
Terry Gibson plays for Wimbledon F.C.
Terry Gibson plays for Tottenham Hotspur F.C.
Terry Gibson plays for Barnet F.C.
Terry Gibson plays for Peterborough United F.C.
Terry Gibson plays for Coventry City F.C.
Terry Gibson plays for GAIS
Terry Gibson plays for Swindon Town F.C.
Terry Gibson plays for Manchester United F.C.
Terry Gibson plays for Watford F.C.
Terry Gibson plays for Millwall F.C.
Kadrina Parish is located in Lääne-Viru County
Kadrina Parish is located in United States
Kadrina Parish is located in Estonia
Kadrina Parish is located in Poland
Kadrina Parish is located in Greater Poland Voivodeship
Kadrina Parish is located in India
Kadrina Parish is located in Iran
Kadrina Parish is located in United Kingdom
Kadrina Parish is located in France
Kadrina Parish is located in Slovenia
Óscar Téllez plays for Real Aranjuez CF
Óscar Téllez plays for CD Colonia Moscardó
Óscar Téllez plays for Deportivo Alavés
Óscar Téllez plays for Valencia CF
Óscar Téllez plays for Spain national football team
Óscar Téllez plays for Villarreal CF
Óscar Téllez plays for Real Madrid C.F.
Óscar Téllez plays for Pontevedra CF
Óscar Téllez plays for Villarreal C.F.
Óscar Téllez plays for Valencia C.F.
Alec Linwood is affiliated to Scottish Football League XI
Alec Linwood is affiliated to Greenock Morton F.C.
Alec Linwood is affiliated to Scotland national football team
Alec Linwood is affiliated to Hibernian F.C.
Alec Linwood is affiliated to Clyde F.C.
Alec Linwood is affiliated to Middlesbrough F.C.
Alec Linwood is affiliated to St. Mirren F.C.
Alec Linwood is affiliated to Celtic F.C.
Alec Linwood is affiliated to Rangers F.C.
Alec Linwood is affiliated to Dundee F.C.
Kim Jong-kyung plays for Persitara North Jakarta
Kim Jong-kyung plays for Persipura Jayapura
Kim Jong-kyung plays for Daegu FC
Kim Jong-kyung plays for Gyeongnam FC
Kim Jong-kyung plays for Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors
Kim Jong-kyung plays for Hongik University
Kim Jong-kyung plays for Gwangju Sangmu FC
Kim Jong-kyung plays for Pohang Steelers
Kim Jong-kyung plays for Jeonnam Dragons
Kim Jong-kyung plays for Jeju United FC
Tinjan is located in Istria County
Tinjan is located in United States
Tinjan is located in Poland
Tinjan is located in Croatia
Tinjan is located in Japan
Tinjan is located in India
Tinjan is located in Iran
Tinjan is located in China
Tinjan is located in Masovian Voivodeship
Tinjan is located in Canada
Kelly Parker has gender female
Kelly Parker has gender male
Kelly Parker has gender Azerbaijan
Kelly Parker has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Kelly Parker has gender United Kingdom
Kelly Parker has gender Italy
Kelly Parker has gender Turkey
Kelly Parker has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Kelly Parker has gender Bulgaria
Kelly Parker has gender Labour Party (UK)
Joey Castillo has musical role wordnet theremin 104419642
Joey Castillo has musical role wordnet synthesist 110687231
Joey Castillo has musical role wordnet percussion 100545059
Joey Castillo has musical role wordnet violin 104536866
Joey Castillo has musical role wordnet guitar 103467517
Joey Castillo has musical role wordnet piano 103928116
Joey Castillo has musical role wordnet vocal music 107282006
Joey Castillo has musical role wordnet bass guitar 102804123
Joey Castillo has musical role wordnet drum 103249569
Joey Castillo has musical role wordnet keyboard 103614007
Levi Mackin is affiliated to Conwy Borough F.C.
Levi Mackin is affiliated to Chester F.C.
Levi Mackin is affiliated to Wrexham F.C.
Levi Mackin is affiliated to Wales national under-21 football team
Levi Mackin is affiliated to Bangor City F.C.
Levi Mackin is affiliated to Droylsden F.C.
Levi Mackin is affiliated to Alfreton Town F.C.
Levi Mackin is affiliated to Chester City F.C.
Levi Mackin is affiliated to Wales national under-17 football team
Levi Mackin is affiliated to York City F.C.
Donald C. Wurster has gender male
Donald C. Wurster has gender female
Donald C. Wurster has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Donald C. Wurster has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Donald C. Wurster has gender London Heathrow Terminal 3
Donald C. Wurster has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Donald C. Wurster has gender United Kingdom
Donald C. Wurster has gender Bulgaria
Donald C. Wurster has gender Turkey
Donald C. Wurster has gender Tomsk
Radolfzell is located in Konstanz (district)
Radolfzell is located in Freiburg (region)
Radolfzell is located in United States
Radolfzell is located in Radolfzell
Radolfzell is located in Waldshut (district)
Radolfzell is located in Baden-Württemberg
Radolfzell is located in Konstanz
Radolfzell is located in Poland
Radolfzell is located in Iran
Radolfzell is located in Rottweil (district)
José Ribeiro plays for C.F. União de Coimbra
José Ribeiro plays for U.F.C.I. Tomar
José Ribeiro plays for Amora F.C.
José Ribeiro plays for S.C. Farense
José Ribeiro plays for Vitória F.C.
José Ribeiro plays for Portugal national football team
José Ribeiro plays for Associação Académica de Coimbra – O.A.F.
José Ribeiro plays for Boavista F.C.
José Ribeiro plays for S.C. Olhanense
José Ribeiro plays for Vitória S.C.
Mario Tokić plays for HNK Rijeka
Mario Tokić plays for Grazer AK
Mario Tokić plays for GNK Dinamo Zagreb
Mario Tokić plays for NK Zagreb
Mario Tokić plays for Croatia national football team
Mario Tokić plays for SK Rapid Wien
Mario Tokić plays for FK Austria Wien
Mario Tokić plays for N.K. Zagreb
Mario Tokić plays for Grazer A.K.
Mario Tokić plays for N.K. Dinamo Zagreb
Manny Lagos is affiliated to Minnesota Thunder
Manny Lagos is affiliated to San Jose Earthquakes
Manny Lagos is affiliated to New York Red Bulls
Manny Lagos is affiliated to Chicago Fire Soccer Club
Manny Lagos is affiliated to Tampa Bay Mutiny
Manny Lagos is affiliated to Columbus Crew
Manny Lagos is affiliated to United States men's national soccer team
Manny Lagos is affiliated to University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee
Manny Lagos is affiliated to Clermont Foot
Manny Lagos is affiliated to UE Lleida
Laureano Sanabria Ruiz plays for Deportivo de La Coruña
Laureano Sanabria Ruiz plays for Real Madrid C
Laureano Sanabria Ruiz plays for CD Leganés
Laureano Sanabria Ruiz plays for Deportivo de La Coruña B
Laureano Sanabria Ruiz plays for Real Madrid C.F.
Laureano Sanabria Ruiz plays for R.C. Deportivo de La Coruña
Laureano Sanabria Ruiz plays for Real Madrid Castilla
Laureano Sanabria Ruiz plays for Spain national football team
Laureano Sanabria Ruiz plays for Rayo Vallecano
Laureano Sanabria Ruiz plays for Spain national under-21 football team
Paulius Grybauskas plays for FK Trakai
Paulius Grybauskas plays for FK Ekranas
Paulius Grybauskas plays for FC Vilnius
Paulius Grybauskas plays for Wigry Suwałki
Paulius Grybauskas plays for Lithuania national football team
Paulius Grybauskas plays for FC Shakhtyor Salihorsk
Paulius Grybauskas plays for Skonto FC
Paulius Grybauskas plays for FC Oțelul Galați
Paulius Grybauskas plays for VMFD Žalgiris Vilnius
Paulius Grybauskas plays for Neftchi Baku PFK
Cristina Fernández de Kirchner is affiliated to Justicialist Party
Cristina Fernández de Kirchner is affiliated to Democratic Party (United States)
Cristina Fernández de Kirchner is affiliated to Republican Party (United States)
Cristina Fernández de Kirchner is affiliated to Front for Victory
Cristina Fernández de Kirchner is affiliated to Independent (politician)
Cristina Fernández de Kirchner is affiliated to Argentina national football team
Cristina Fernández de Kirchner is affiliated to Estudiantes de La Plata
Cristina Fernández de Kirchner is affiliated to Club de Gimnasia y Esgrima La Plata
Cristina Fernández de Kirchner is affiliated to Racing Club de Avellaneda
Cristina Fernández de Kirchner is affiliated to Labour Party (UK)
Andrei Daniel Marinescu is affiliated to FC Olt Slatina
Andrei Daniel Marinescu is affiliated to FC Petrolul Ploiești
Andrei Daniel Marinescu is affiliated to FC Brașov
Andrei Daniel Marinescu is affiliated to FC Rapid București
Andrei Daniel Marinescu is affiliated to CS Turnu Severin
Andrei Daniel Marinescu is affiliated to Romania national football team
Andrei Daniel Marinescu is affiliated to FC Dinamo București
Andrei Daniel Marinescu is affiliated to FC Universitatea Craiova
Andrei Daniel Marinescu is affiliated to CS Jiul Petroșani
Andrei Daniel Marinescu is affiliated to ACF Gloria Bistrița
Neil McCann plays for Rangers F.C.
Neil McCann plays for Dundee F.C.
Neil McCann plays for Heart of Midlothian F.C.
Neil McCann plays for Scotland national football team
Neil McCann plays for Southampton F.C.
Neil McCann plays for Greenock Morton F.C.
Neil McCann plays for Falkirk F.C.
Neil McCann plays for Dunfermline Athletic F.C.
Neil McCann plays for Scottish Football League XI
Neil McCann plays for Dundee United F.C.
Oladipupo Martins plays for NEPA Lagos
Oladipupo Martins plays for FK Teleoptik
Oladipupo Martins plays for Wolfsberger AC
Oladipupo Martins plays for A.C. Reggiana 1919
Oladipupo Martins plays for First Bank F.C.
Oladipupo Martins plays for Inter Milan
Oladipupo Martins plays for FK Partizan
Oladipupo Martins plays for F.K. Partizan
Oladipupo Martins plays for Nigeria national football team
Oladipupo Martins plays for Bridge Boys F.C.
Irinel Voicu is affiliated to CS Snagov
Irinel Voicu is affiliated to CS Mioveni
Irinel Voicu is affiliated to FC Unirea Urziceni
Irinel Voicu is affiliated to AFC Rocar București
Irinel Voicu is affiliated to FC Politehnica Timișoara
Irinel Voicu is affiliated to FC Vaslui
Irinel Voicu is affiliated to FC Dinamo București
Irinel Voicu is affiliated to FC Forex Brașov
Irinel Voicu is affiliated to ACF Gloria Bistrița
Irinel Voicu is affiliated to CS Otopeni
David Neave plays for Leyton F.C.
David Neave plays for Montrose F.C.
David Neave plays for Merthyr Town F.C.
David Neave plays for Forfar Athletic F.C.
David Neave plays for Arsenal F.C.
David Neave plays for Arbroath F.C.
David Neave plays for Dundee F.C.
David Neave plays for Dundee United F.C.
David Neave plays for Southampton F.C.
David Neave plays for Raith Rovers F.C.
Sigurd the Crusader has gender male
Sigurd the Crusader has gender female
Sigurd the Crusader has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Sigurd the Crusader has gender United Kingdom
Sigurd the Crusader has gender Azerbaijan
Sigurd the Crusader has gender Golden Globe Award
Sigurd the Crusader has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Sigurd the Crusader has gender Tomsk
Sigurd the Crusader has gender wordnet chemical 114806838
Sigurd the Crusader has gender Gabon
Steve Whitmire acted in Muppet Classic Theater
Steve Whitmire acted in Rocky Mountain Holiday
Steve Whitmire acted in The Great Muppet Caper
Steve Whitmire acted in Muppets from Space
Steve Whitmire acted in The Muppets' Wizard of Oz
Steve Whitmire acted in Emmet Otter's Jug-Band Christmas
Steve Whitmire acted in The Muppet Movie
Steve Whitmire acted in The Muppets Take Manhattan
Steve Whitmire acted in The Muppet Musicians of Bremen
"Steve Whitmire acted in Hey, Cinderella!"
Aleksandar Pantić (footballer born 1992) plays for Serbia national under-21 football team
Aleksandar Pantić (footballer born 1992) plays for FK Rad
Aleksandar Pantić (footballer born 1992) plays for Red Star Belgrade
Aleksandar Pantić (footballer born 1992) plays for FK Partizan
Aleksandar Pantić (footballer born 1992) plays for F.K. Partizan
Aleksandar Pantić (footballer born 1992) plays for F.K. Red Star Belgrade
Aleksandar Pantić (footballer born 1992) plays for Serbia national football team
Aleksandar Pantić (footballer born 1992) plays for Villarreal C.F.
Aleksandar Pantić (footballer born 1992) plays for Villarreal CF
Aleksandar Pantić (footballer born 1992) plays for Yugoslavia national football team
Dirk Lottner was born in Cologne
Dirk Lottner was born in Leverkusen
Dirk Lottner was born in Düsseldorf
Dirk Lottner was born in Düren
Dirk Lottner was born in Bergisch Gladbach
Dirk Lottner was born in Berlin
Dirk Lottner was born in Neuss
Dirk Lottner was born in Duisburg
Dirk Lottner was born in Essen
Dirk Lottner was born in Rostock
Iñaki Sáez was born in Bilbao
Iñaki Sáez was born in Madrid
Iñaki Sáez was born in Las Palmas
Iñaki Sáez was born in Barcelona
Iñaki Sáez was born in London
Iñaki Sáez was born in Vitoria-Gasteiz
Iñaki Sáez was born in Seville
Iñaki Sáez was born in Valencia
"Iñaki Sáez was born in Santander, Spain"
Iñaki Sáez was born in Gijón
Ivor Broadis is affiliated to Newcastle United F.C.
Ivor Broadis is affiliated to Sunderland A.F.C.
Ivor Broadis is affiliated to Queen of the South F.C.
Ivor Broadis is affiliated to Manchester United F.C.
Ivor Broadis is affiliated to Manchester City F.C.
Ivor Broadis is affiliated to England national football team
Ivor Broadis is affiliated to Birmingham City F.C.
Ivor Broadis is affiliated to Carlisle United F.C.
Ivor Broadis is affiliated to England national under-21 football team
Ivor Broadis is affiliated to England national football B team
José Luis Martínez Gullotta plays for Boca Unidos
José Luis Martínez Gullotta plays for Juventud Antoniana
José Luis Martínez Gullotta plays for Aldosivi
José Luis Martínez Gullotta plays for Gimnasia y Esgrima de Jujuy
José Luis Martínez Gullotta plays for Racing Club de Avellaneda
José Luis Martínez Gullotta plays for San Martín de Tucumán
José Luis Martínez Gullotta plays for Chacarita Juniors
José Luis Martínez Gullotta plays for Unión de Santa Fe
José Luis Martínez Gullotta plays for Club Atlético Belgrano
José Luis Martínez Gullotta plays for Talleres de Córdoba
Stefan Ertl plays for Wormatia Worms
Stefan Ertl plays for Karlsruher SC
Stefan Ertl plays for Kickers Offenbach
Stefan Ertl plays for 1. FC Kaiserslautern
Stefan Ertl plays for Borussia Mönchengladbach
Stefan Ertl plays for SC Fortuna Köln
Stefan Ertl plays for Germany national under-21 football team
Stefan Ertl plays for 1. FC Köln
Stefan Ertl plays for MSV Duisburg
Stefan Ertl plays for Fortuna Düsseldorf
Nicolas Plestan plays for AC Ajaccio
Nicolas Plestan plays for Lille OSC
Nicolas Plestan plays for AS Monaco FC
Nicolas Plestan plays for A.C. Ajaccio
Nicolas Plestan plays for A.S. Monaco F.C.
Nicolas Plestan plays for FC Schalke 04
Nicolas Plestan plays for Lille O.S.C.
Nicolas Plestan plays for Olympique de Marseille
Nicolas Plestan plays for France national football team
Nicolas Plestan plays for OGC Nice
Mario Esteban Berríos is affiliated to Unión La Calera
Mario Esteban Berríos is affiliated to Santiago Morning
Mario Esteban Berríos is affiliated to Chile national under-20 football team
Mario Esteban Berríos is affiliated to Perak FA
Mario Esteban Berríos is affiliated to Club Deportivo Palestino
Mario Esteban Berríos is affiliated to OFK Beograd
Mario Esteban Berríos is affiliated to Coquimbo Unido
Mario Esteban Berríos is affiliated to Chile national football team
Mario Esteban Berríos is affiliated to O.F.K. Beograd
Mario Esteban Berríos is affiliated to Club Deportivo Universidad Católica
Simon Cziommer plays for FC Utrecht
Simon Cziommer plays for AZ Alkmaar
Simon Cziommer plays for Heracles Almelo
Simon Cziommer plays for Roda JC Kerkrade
Simon Cziommer plays for Vitesse
Simon Cziommer plays for FC Red Bull Salzburg
Simon Cziommer plays for A.Z. Alkmaar
Simon Cziommer plays for F.C. Red Bull Salzburg
Simon Cziommer plays for FC Schalke 04
Simon Cziommer plays for FC Twente
Stanimir Gospodinov plays for PFC Lokomotiv Mezdra
Stanimir Gospodinov plays for FC Botev Kozloduy
Stanimir Gospodinov plays for PFC Slavia Sofia
Stanimir Gospodinov plays for PFC Minyor Pernik
Stanimir Gospodinov plays for OFC Sliven 2000
Stanimir Gospodinov plays for FC Vihren Sandanski
Stanimir Gospodinov plays for PFC CSKA Sofia
Stanimir Gospodinov plays for FC Daugava
Stanimir Gospodinov plays for PFC Levski Sofia
Stanimir Gospodinov plays for NK Mura
Laura Österberg Kalmari has gender male
Laura Österberg Kalmari has gender female
Laura Österberg Kalmari has gender United Kingdom
Laura Österberg Kalmari has gender United Arab Emirates
Laura Österberg Kalmari has gender Turkey
Laura Österberg Kalmari has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Laura Österberg Kalmari has gender Azerbaijan
Laura Österberg Kalmari has gender United States
Laura Österberg Kalmari has gender Tomsk
Laura Österberg Kalmari has gender Italy
Óscar Ferro is affiliated to Peñarol
Óscar Ferro is affiliated to Defensor Sporting
Óscar Ferro is affiliated to Club Guaraní
Óscar Ferro is affiliated to Atlético Tucumán
Óscar Ferro is affiliated to SD Compostela
Óscar Ferro is affiliated to Club Ferro Carril Oeste
Óscar Ferro is affiliated to Uruguay national football team
Óscar Ferro is affiliated to Sporting Cristal
Óscar Ferro is affiliated to Defensor Sporting Club
Óscar Ferro is affiliated to Club Nacional de Football
Bonni Ginzburg plays for Maccabi Ironi Ashdod F.C.
Bonni Ginzburg plays for Maccabi Yavne F.C.
Bonni Ginzburg plays for Maccabi Petah Tikva F.C.
Bonni Ginzburg plays for Hapoel Kfar Saba F.C.
Bonni Ginzburg plays for Maccabi Tel Aviv F.C.
Bonni Ginzburg plays for Bnei Yehuda Tel Aviv F.C.
Bonni Ginzburg plays for Maccabi Haifa F.C.
Bonni Ginzburg plays for Israel national football team
Bonni Ginzburg plays for Hapoel Ashkelon F.C.
Bonni Ginzburg plays for Beitar Tel Aviv F.C.
Klubi-04 is located in Helsinki
Klubi-04 is located in Vantaa
Klubi-04 is located in Tampere
Klubi-04 is located in North Rhine-Westphalia
Klubi-04 is located in Rovaniemi
Klubi-04 is located in Kuopio
Klubi-04 is located in Baden-Württemberg
Klubi-04 is located in Moscow
Klubi-04 is located in Cologne
Klubi-04 is located in Athens
Strom Thurmond has won prize European-African-Middle Eastern Campaign Medal
Strom Thurmond has won prize World War II Victory Medal (United States)
Strom Thurmond has won prize Purple Heart
Strom Thurmond has won prize Croix de guerre 1939–1945 (France)
Strom Thurmond has won prize Legion of Merit
Strom Thurmond has won prize Order of the Crown (Belgium)
Strom Thurmond has won prize Bronze Star Medal
Strom Thurmond has won prize Legion of Honour
Strom Thurmond has won prize Silver Star
Strom Thurmond has won prize American Campaign Medal
Dênis Oliveira de Souza has gender male
Dênis Oliveira de Souza has gender female
Dênis Oliveira de Souza has gender United Kingdom
Dênis Oliveira de Souza has gender France
Dênis Oliveira de Souza has gender Africa
Dênis Oliveira de Souza has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Dênis Oliveira de Souza has gender Tomsk
Dênis Oliveira de Souza has gender Hong Kong
Dênis Oliveira de Souza has gender Azerbaijan
Dênis Oliveira de Souza has gender Republican Party (United States)
Keith Briggs (footballer) is affiliated to Fleetwood Town F.C.
Keith Briggs (footballer) is affiliated to Stockport County F.C.
Keith Briggs (footballer) is affiliated to F.C. Halifax Town
Keith Briggs (footballer) is affiliated to Stalybridge Celtic F.C.
Keith Briggs (footballer) is affiliated to Mansfield Town F.C.
Keith Briggs (footballer) is affiliated to Shrewsbury Town F.C.
Keith Briggs (footballer) is affiliated to Crewe Alexandra F.C.
Keith Briggs (footballer) is affiliated to Kidderminster Harriers F.C.
Keith Briggs (footballer) is affiliated to Norwich City F.C.
Keith Briggs (footballer) is affiliated to Barrow A.F.C.
John Galliquio is affiliated to Club Universitario de Deportes
John Galliquio is affiliated to U América FC
John Galliquio is affiliated to León de Huánuco
John Galliquio is affiliated to Peru national football team
John Galliquio is affiliated to Sporting Cristal
John Galliquio is affiliated to Estudiantes de Medicina
John Galliquio is affiliated to Club Deportivo Universidad de San Martín de Porres
John Galliquio is affiliated to Cruz Azul
John Galliquio is affiliated to Cruz Azul Hidalgo
John Galliquio is affiliated to FC Dinamo București
Paul Davies has won prize Templeton Prize
Paul Davies has won prize Order of the British Empire
Paul Davies has won prize Royal Medal
Paul Davies has won prize Nobel Prize in Physics
Paul Davies has won prize Hughes Medal
Paul Davies has won prize Copley Medal
Paul Davies has won prize Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine
Paul Davies has won prize Michael Faraday Prize
Paul Davies has won prize Golden Globe Award
Paul Davies has won prize Nobel Prize in Chemistry
Mira Furlan lives in California
Mira Furlan lives in United States
Mira Furlan lives in Canada
Mira Furlan lives in United Kingdom
"Mira Furlan lives in Los Angeles County, California"
Mira Furlan lives in Los Angeles
Mira Furlan lives in Massachusetts
Mira Furlan lives in France
Mira Furlan lives in Texas
Mira Furlan lives in New Jersey
Trimi Makolli is affiliated to Vasalunds IF
Trimi Makolli is affiliated to Djurgårdens IF Fotboll
Trimi Makolli is affiliated to Sweden national under-17 football team
Trimi Makolli is affiliated to IK Frej
Trimi Makolli is affiliated to Djurgårdens I.F.
Trimi Makolli is affiliated to Sweden national under-19 football team
Trimi Makolli is affiliated to Sweden national under-21 football team
Trimi Makolli is affiliated to IF Brommapojkarna
Trimi Makolli is affiliated to Assyriska Föreningen
Trimi Makolli is affiliated to Sweden national football team
Yahoo! is located in Sunnyvale
Yahoo! is located in California
Yahoo! is located in United States
Yahoo! is located in San Francisco Bay Area
"Yahoo! is located in Orange County, California"
"Yahoo! is located in Los Angeles County, California"
Yahoo! is located in Mountain View (California)
"Yahoo! is located in San Bernardino County, California"
"Yahoo! is located in Sunnyvale, California"
Yahoo! is located in Florida
Shin Byung-ho plays for Gyeongnam FC
Shin Byung-ho plays for Ulsan Hyundai FC
Shin Byung-ho plays for Jeonnam Dragons
Shin Byung-ho plays for Mito HollyHock
Shin Byung-ho plays for Jeju United FC
Shin Byung-ho plays for South Korea national football team
Shin Byung-ho plays for South Korea national under-23 football team
Shin Byung-ho plays for Konkuk University
Shin Byung-ho plays for Yokohama F. Marinos
Shin Byung-ho plays for South Korea national under-20 football team
Nontapan Jeansatawong plays for Nakhon Pathom United F.C.
Nontapan Jeansatawong plays for PTT Rayong F.C.
Nontapan Jeansatawong plays for TOT S.C.
Nontapan Jeansatawong plays for Thailand national football team
Nontapan Jeansatawong plays for Insee Police United F.C.
Nontapan Jeansatawong plays for Singhtarua F.C.
Nontapan Jeansatawong plays for Muangthong United F.C.
Nontapan Jeansatawong plays for Sisaket F.C.
Nontapan Jeansatawong plays for BBCU F.C.
Nontapan Jeansatawong plays for BEC Tero Sasana F.C.
Enes Demirović plays for NK Brda
Enes Demirović plays for Hapoel Petah Tikva F.C.
Enes Demirović plays for Hapoel Ironi Kiryat Shmona F.C.
Enes Demirović plays for Hapoel Kfar Saba F.C.
Enes Demirović plays for Adanaspor
Enes Demirović plays for İstanbulspor A.Ş.
Enes Demirović plays for ND Gorica
Enes Demirović plays for HNK Hajduk Split
Enes Demirović plays for H.N.K. Hajduk Split
Enes Demirović plays for Hapoel Tel Aviv F.C.
Grégory Christ plays for AS Beauvais Oise
Grégory Christ plays for R. Charleroi S.C.
Grégory Christ plays for K. Sint-Truidense V.V.
Grégory Christ plays for Panthrakikos F.C.
Grégory Christ plays for Újpest FC
Grégory Christ plays for Racing Club de France football Colombes 92
Grégory Christ plays for MSV Duisburg
Grégory Christ plays for R. White Star Bruxelles
Grégory Christ plays for Standard Liège
Grégory Christ plays for Red Star F.C.
Plzeň-South District is located in Plzeň Region
Plzeň-South District is located in Plzeň
Plzeň-South District is located in Czech Republic
Plzeň-South District is located in Pilsen
Plzeň-South District is located in United States
Plzeň-South District is located in Poland
Plzeň-South District is located in Plzeň-City District
Plzeň-South District is located in Bohemia
Plzeň-South District is located in Pardubice
Plzeň-South District is located in Plzeň-South District
Stjepan Mesić has won prize Order of the Three Stars
Stjepan Mesić has won prize Order of the White Eagle (Poland)
Stjepan Mesić has won prize Order of the Cross of Terra Mariana
Stjepan Mesić has won prize Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
Stjepan Mesić has won prize Order of Prince Yaroslav the Wise
Stjepan Mesić has won prize Order of the White Double Cross
Stjepan Mesić has won prize Order of the White Rose of Finland
Stjepan Mesić has won prize Order of the Lithuanian Grand Duke Gediminas
Stjepan Mesić has won prize Order of the Redeemer
Stjepan Mesić has won prize Order of Leopold (Belgium)
Daron Malakian was born in London
Daron Malakian was born in New York City
Daron Malakian was born in Los Angeles
Daron Malakian was born in Chicago
Daron Malakian was born in Paris
Daron Malakian was born in Philadelphia
Daron Malakian was born in Manchester
Daron Malakian was born in Glasgow
Daron Malakian was born in San Francisco
Daron Malakian was born in Detroit
Lee Shearer is affiliated to Folkestone Invicta F.C.
Lee Shearer is affiliated to Margate F.C.
Lee Shearer is affiliated to Dover Athletic F.C.
Lee Shearer is affiliated to Faversham Town F.C.
Lee Shearer is affiliated to Maidstone United F.C.
Lee Shearer is affiliated to Welling United F.C.
Lee Shearer is affiliated to Ebbsfleet United F.C.
Lee Shearer is affiliated to FF Jaro
Lee Shearer is affiliated to Leyton Orient F.C.
Lee Shearer is affiliated to S.B.V. Excelsior
Dmitri Vyazmikin plays for FC Torpedo Vladimir
Dmitri Vyazmikin plays for FC Lokomotiv Nizhny Novgorod
Dmitri Vyazmikin plays for FC Elista
Dmitri Vyazmikin plays for FC SOYUZ-Gazprom Izhevsk
Dmitri Vyazmikin plays for FC Spartak Kostroma
Dmitri Vyazmikin plays for FC Shinnik Yaroslavl
Dmitri Vyazmikin plays for FC Torpedo Moscow
Dmitri Vyazmikin plays for FC Alania Vladikavkaz
Dmitri Vyazmikin plays for FC Sokol Saratov
Dmitri Vyazmikin plays for FC Arsenal Tula
George VI of the United Kingdom has won prize Order of Carol I
George VI of the United Kingdom has won prize Order of the Phoenix (Greece)
George VI of the United Kingdom has won prize Order of the White Eagle (Serbia)
George VI of the United Kingdom has won prize Order of Leopold (Belgium)
George VI of the United Kingdom has won prize Order of the Chrysanthemum
George VI of the United Kingdom has won prize Order of St. Vladimir
George VI of the United Kingdom has won prize Order of the Redeemer
George VI of the United Kingdom has won prize Legion of Merit
George VI of the United Kingdom has won prize Order of the Crown of Italy
George VI of the United Kingdom has won prize Order of the White Eagle (Poland)
Rodney Rowe plays for Wakefield F.C.
Rodney Rowe plays for Ossett Town F.C.
Rodney Rowe plays for Bradford Park Avenue A.F.C.
Rodney Rowe plays for Huddersfield Town F.C.
Rodney Rowe plays for Farsley Celtic A.F.C.
Rodney Rowe plays for Scarborough F.C.
Rodney Rowe plays for York City F.C.
Rodney Rowe plays for Ashton United F.C.
Rodney Rowe plays for Halifax Town A.F.C.
Rodney Rowe plays for Hull City A.F.C.
Ibrahim Touré is affiliated to Telephonat Beni Suef SC
Ibrahim Touré is affiliated to Misr El-Makasa SC
Ibrahim Touré is affiliated to Al-Safa' SC
Ibrahim Touré is affiliated to Al-Ittihad SC Aleppo
Ibrahim Touré is affiliated to ASEC Mimosas
Ibrahim Touré is affiliated to FC Metalurh Donetsk
Ibrahim Touré is affiliated to O.G.C. Nice
Ibrahim Touré is affiliated to OGC Nice
Ibrahim Touré is affiliated to Ivory Coast national football team
Ibrahim Touré is affiliated to Zamalek Sporting Club
Wilson Oruma plays for Bendel Insurance F.C.
Wilson Oruma plays for RC Lens
Wilson Oruma plays for FC Sochaux-Montbéliard
Wilson Oruma plays for Nigeria national football team
Wilson Oruma plays for Olympique de Marseille
Wilson Oruma plays for En Avant de Guingamp
Wilson Oruma plays for Nîmes Olympique
Wilson Oruma plays for F.C. Sochaux-Montbéliard
Wilson Oruma plays for AS Nancy
Wilson Oruma plays for Servette FC
Jack Meredith (footballer) is affiliated to Scunthorpe United F.C.
Jack Meredith (footballer) is affiliated to Chelsea F.C.
Jack Meredith (footballer) is affiliated to Reading F.C.
Jack Meredith (footballer) is affiliated to Blackpool F.C.
Jack Meredith (footballer) is affiliated to Grimsby Town F.C.
Jack Meredith (footballer) is affiliated to Southampton F.C.
Jack Meredith (footballer) is affiliated to Leeds United A.F.C.
Jack Meredith (footballer) is affiliated to Hull City A.F.C.
Jack Meredith (footballer) is affiliated to Notts County F.C.
Jack Meredith (footballer) is affiliated to Sheffield United F.C.
Assane N'Diaye is affiliated to ASC Diaraf
Assane N'Diaye is affiliated to ASC Jeanne d'Arc
Assane N'Diaye is affiliated to Senegal national football team
Assane N'Diaye is affiliated to FC Shakhtar Donetsk
Assane N'Diaye is affiliated to F.C. Shakhtar Donetsk
Assane N'Diaye is affiliated to AS Douanes (Dakar)
Assane N'Diaye is affiliated to FC Shakhtar-2 Donetsk
Assane N'Diaye is affiliated to Senegal national under-23 football team
Assane N'Diaye is affiliated to FC Metalurh Donetsk
Assane N'Diaye is affiliated to Dakar UC
Louis Bookman is affiliated to Belfast Celtic F.C.
Louis Bookman is affiliated to Glentoran F.C.
Louis Bookman is affiliated to Ireland national football team (1882–1950)
Louis Bookman is affiliated to Shelbourne F.C.
Louis Bookman is affiliated to Luton Town F.C.
Louis Bookman is affiliated to Port Vale F.C.
Louis Bookman is affiliated to West Bromwich Albion F.C.
Louis Bookman is affiliated to Bradford City A.F.C.
Louis Bookman is affiliated to Republic of Ireland national football team
Louis Bookman is affiliated to Irish League representative team
Jerry Vandam plays for Stade Malherbe Caen
Jerry Vandam plays for Lille OSC
Jerry Vandam plays for S.M. Caen
Jerry Vandam plays for KV Mechelen
Jerry Vandam plays for Lille O.S.C.
Jerry Vandam plays for Belgium national football team
Jerry Vandam plays for Olympique de Marseille
Jerry Vandam plays for France national football team
Jerry Vandam plays for R. Charleroi S.C.
Jerry Vandam plays for Standard Liège
Diego Guastavino plays for Sud América
Diego Guastavino plays for Club Atlético River Plate (Montevideo)
Diego Guastavino plays for Lyn Fotball
Diego Guastavino plays for Centro Atlético Fénix
Diego Guastavino plays for SK Brann
Diego Guastavino plays for Deportivo Maldonado
Diego Guastavino plays for Querétaro F.C.
Diego Guastavino plays for FC Lugano
Diego Guastavino plays for Club Universitario de Deportes
Diego Guastavino plays for Uruguay national football team
Diego Barreto is affiliated to Paraguay men's national under-20 football team
Diego Barreto is affiliated to Club Sol de América
Diego Barreto is affiliated to Paraguay national football team
Diego Barreto is affiliated to Newell's Old Boys
Diego Barreto is affiliated to UD Almería
Diego Barreto is affiliated to FC Locarno
Diego Barreto is affiliated to Cerro Porteño
Diego Barreto is affiliated to C.A. Newell's Old Boys
Diego Barreto is affiliated to Club Olimpia
Diego Barreto is affiliated to Club Libertad
Paolo Carbonaro plays for S.S. MonosPolis
Paolo Carbonaro plays for S.S. Barletta Calcio
Paolo Carbonaro plays for Gela Calcio
Paolo Carbonaro plays for A.S.D. Città di Giulianova 1924
Paolo Carbonaro plays for U.S. Catanzaro 1929
Paolo Carbonaro plays for U.S. Città di Palermo
Paolo Carbonaro plays for Vigor Lamezia
Paolo Carbonaro plays for Italy national under-20 football team
Paolo Carbonaro plays for Italy national under-19 football team
Paolo Carbonaro plays for Atletico Roma F.C.
Marko Marić is affiliated to NK Marsonia
Marko Marić is affiliated to NK Zagreb
Marko Marić is affiliated to Egaleo F.C.
Marko Marić is affiliated to N.K. Zagreb
Marko Marić is affiliated to Lille OSC
Marko Marić is affiliated to Lille O.S.C.
Marko Marić is affiliated to Chicago Fire Soccer Club
Marko Marić is affiliated to Croatia national under-21 football team
Marko Marić is affiliated to Skoda Xanthi F.C.
Marko Marić is affiliated to GNK Dinamo Zagreb
Mohammad Reza Mahdavi plays for F.C. Shahrdari Bandar Abbas
Mohammad Reza Mahdavi plays for Iran national football team
Mohammad Reza Mahdavi plays for Bahman F.C.
Mohammad Reza Mahdavi plays for Persepolis F.C.
Mohammad Reza Mahdavi plays for Sepahan Isfahan F.C.
Mohammad Reza Mahdavi plays for Esteghlal Ahvaz F.C.
Mohammad Reza Mahdavi plays for R. Charleroi S.C.
Mohammad Reza Mahdavi plays for Esteghlal F.C.
Mohammad Reza Mahdavi plays for Paykan F.C.
Mohammad Reza Mahdavi plays for Sepahan Esfahan FC
Carlow is located in County Carlow
Carlow is located in Leinster
Carlow is located in Ireland
Carlow is located in Republic of Ireland
Carlow is located in County Dublin
Carlow is located in County Meath
Carlow is located in Europe
Carlow is located in Carlow
Carlow is located in County Louth
Carlow is located in England
Adam Eckersley (footballer) plays for England national under-16 football team
Adam Eckersley (footballer) plays for England national under-18 football team
Adam Eckersley (footballer) plays for England national under-17 football team
Adam Eckersley (footballer) plays for Aarhus Gymnastikforening
Adam Eckersley (footballer) plays for Royal Antwerp F.C.
Adam Eckersley (footballer) plays for Manchester United F.C.
Adam Eckersley (footballer) plays for Barnsley F.C.
Adam Eckersley (footballer) plays for Brøndby IF
Adam Eckersley (footballer) plays for AC Horsens
Adam Eckersley (footballer) plays for Port Vale F.C.
Leopoldo Luque plays for Central Norte
Leopoldo Luque plays for Racing Club de Avellaneda
Leopoldo Luque plays for Chacarita Juniors
Leopoldo Luque plays for Rosario Central
Leopoldo Luque plays for Textil Mandiyú
Leopoldo Luque plays for Unión de Santa Fe
Leopoldo Luque plays for Gimnasia y Esgrima de Jujuy
Leopoldo Luque plays for Club Atlético River Plate
Leopoldo Luque plays for Argentina national football team
Leopoldo Luque plays for Santos FC
Daniel da Silva (born 1973) plays for Sociedade Esportiva Matonense
Daniel da Silva (born 1973) plays for Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras
Daniel da Silva (born 1973) plays for Santos FC
Daniel da Silva (born 1973) plays for Tokyo Verdy
Daniel da Silva (born 1973) plays for Associação Desportiva São Caetano
Daniel da Silva (born 1973) plays for A.D. São Caetano
Daniel da Silva (born 1973) plays for Brazil national football team
Daniel da Silva (born 1973) plays for Santos F.C.
Daniel da Silva (born 1973) plays for S.E. Palmeiras
Daniel da Silva (born 1973) plays for Sport Club Corinthians Paulista
José Carlos Garcia Leal plays for Sobradinho Esporte Clube
José Carlos Garcia Leal plays for Associação Atlética Aparecidense
José Carlos Garcia Leal plays for Goiás Esporte Clube
José Carlos Garcia Leal plays for Sport Club Corinthians Paulista
José Carlos Garcia Leal plays for Associação Desportiva São Caetano
José Carlos Garcia Leal plays for Botafogo de Futebol e Regatas
José Carlos Garcia Leal plays for Grêmio Barueri Futebol
José Carlos Garcia Leal plays for Sociedade Esportiva e Recreativa Caxias do Sul
José Carlos Garcia Leal plays for Cerezo Osaka
José Carlos Garcia Leal plays for Clube Náutico Capibaribe
"Vladimír Weiss (footballer, born 1964) plays for Slovakia national football team"
"Vladimír Weiss (footballer, born 1964) plays for FC Petržalka 1898"
"Vladimír Weiss (footballer, born 1964) plays for MFK Košice"
"Vladimír Weiss (footballer, born 1964) plays for FK Drnovice"
"Vladimír Weiss (footballer, born 1964) plays for FK DAC 1904 Dunajská Streda"
"Vladimír Weiss (footballer, born 1964) plays for AC Sparta Prague"
"Vladimír Weiss (footballer, born 1964) plays for Czechoslovakia national football team"
"Vladimír Weiss (footballer, born 1964) plays for FK Inter Bratislava"
"Vladimír Weiss (footballer, born 1964) plays for ŠK Slovan Bratislava"
"Vladimír Weiss (footballer, born 1964) plays for FC Kairat"
Alastair Sim died in Edinburgh
Alastair Sim died in London
Alastair Sim died in Los Angeles
Alastair Sim died in New York City
Alastair Sim died in Glasgow
"Alastair Sim died in Santa Monica, California"
"Alastair Sim died in Beverly Hills, California"
Alastair Sim died in Paris
Alastair Sim died in Dublin
Alastair Sim died in Cambridge
Municipality of Vipava is located in Municipality of Ajdovščina
Municipality of Vipava is located in Slovenian Littoral
Municipality of Vipava is located in Slovenia
Municipality of Vipava is located in Goriška
Municipality of Vipava is located in Municipality of Vipava
Municipality of Vipava is located in Slovene Littoral
Municipality of Vipava is located in Municipality of Tolmin
Municipality of Vipava is located in Obalno-kraška Statistical Region
Municipality of Vipava is located in Notranjsko-kraška Statistical Region
Municipality of Vipava is located in United States
"Stephen Hughes (footballer, born 1976) plays for Watford F.C."
"Stephen Hughes (footballer, born 1976) plays for Charlton Athletic F.C."
"Stephen Hughes (footballer, born 1976) plays for Fulham F.C."
"Stephen Hughes (footballer, born 1976) plays for Coventry City F.C."
"Stephen Hughes (footballer, born 1976) plays for Walsall F.C."
"Stephen Hughes (footballer, born 1976) plays for Arsenal F.C."
"Stephen Hughes (footballer, born 1976) plays for Everton F.C."
"Stephen Hughes (footballer, born 1976) plays for England national under-21 football team"
"Stephen Hughes (footballer, born 1976) plays for Birmingham City F.C."
"Stephen Hughes (footballer, born 1976) plays for England national football team"
Rutherford B. Hayes is affiliated to Harvard Law School
Rutherford B. Hayes is affiliated to Republican Party (United States)
Rutherford B. Hayes is affiliated to Democratic Party (United States)
Rutherford B. Hayes is affiliated to Whig Party (United States)
Rutherford B. Hayes is affiliated to Independent (politician)
Rutherford B. Hayes is affiliated to University of Michigan
Rutherford B. Hayes is affiliated to Democratic-Republican Party
Rutherford B. Hayes is affiliated to Harvard University
Rutherford B. Hayes is affiliated to Yale University
Rutherford B. Hayes is affiliated to Cornell University
Andrzej Pałasz plays for Górnik Zabrze
Andrzej Pałasz plays for Hannover 96
Andrzej Pałasz plays for Poland national football team
Andrzej Pałasz plays for de/TSV Bayer Dormagen
Andrzej Pałasz plays for Bursaspor
Andrzej Pałasz plays for Wisła Kraków
Andrzej Pałasz plays for Polonia Warsaw
Andrzej Pałasz plays for Legia Warsaw
Andrzej Pałasz plays for Widzew Łódź
Andrzej Pałasz plays for VfL Bochum
Adolf Scherer plays for FC Lokomotíva Košice
Adolf Scherer plays for MFK Košice
Adolf Scherer plays for Avenir Club Avignonnais
Adolf Scherer plays for Czechoslovakia national football team
Adolf Scherer plays for de/1. FC Košice
Adolf Scherer plays for Nîmes Olympique
Adolf Scherer plays for FK Inter Bratislava
Adolf Scherer plays for Nîmes Olympique F.C.
Adolf Scherer plays for Slovakia national football team
Adolf Scherer plays for ŠK Slovan Bratislava
Steve Lowndes is affiliated to Newport County A.F.C.
Steve Lowndes is affiliated to Hereford United F.C.
Steve Lowndes is affiliated to Barnsley F.C.
Steve Lowndes is affiliated to Millwall F.C.
Steve Lowndes is affiliated to Cardiff City F.C.
Steve Lowndes is affiliated to Swansea City A.F.C.
Steve Lowndes is affiliated to Swindon Town F.C.
Steve Lowndes is affiliated to Gillingham F.C.
Steve Lowndes is affiliated to Wales national football team
Steve Lowndes is affiliated to Bristol City F.C.
Viktor Zemchenkov plays for FC Luch-Energiya Vladivostok
Viktor Zemchenkov plays for FC Nizhny Novgorod
Viktor Zemchenkov plays for FC Khimki
Viktor Zemchenkov plays for FC Baltika Kaliningrad
Viktor Zemchenkov plays for FC Terek Grozny
Viktor Zemchenkov plays for FC Moscow
Viktor Zemchenkov plays for FC Tyumen
Viktor Zemchenkov plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar
Viktor Zemchenkov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow
Viktor Zemchenkov plays for FC Chernomorets Novorossiysk
Kyriacos Pavlou is affiliated to Ermis Aradippou
Kyriacos Pavlou is affiliated to APOP Kinyras FC
Kyriacos Pavlou is affiliated to AC Omonia
Kyriacos Pavlou is affiliated to AEK Larnaca F.C.
Kyriacos Pavlou is affiliated to Cyprus national football team
Kyriacos Pavlou is affiliated to Panionios G.S.S.
Kyriacos Pavlou is affiliated to Diagoras F.C.
Kyriacos Pavlou is affiliated to Alki Larnaca F.C.
Kyriacos Pavlou is affiliated to Nea Salamis Famagusta FC
Kyriacos Pavlou is affiliated to Panionios F.C
John Logan (footballer) plays for Horden Colliery Welfare A.F.C.
John Logan (footballer) plays for Darlington F.C.
John Logan (footballer) plays for Barnsley F.C.
John Logan (footballer) plays for Sheffield Wednesday F.C.
John Logan (footballer) plays for Charlton Athletic F.C.
John Logan (footballer) plays for Leeds United A.F.C.
John Logan (footballer) plays for York City F.C.
John Logan (footballer) plays for Middlesbrough F.C.
John Logan (footballer) plays for Scunthorpe United F.C.
John Logan (footballer) plays for Sunderland A.F.C.
Jonathan Moreira is affiliated to Santos FC
Jonathan Moreira is affiliated to Inter Milan
Jonathan Moreira is affiliated to Parma F.C.
Jonathan Moreira is affiliated to Santos F.C.
Jonathan Moreira is affiliated to Cruzeiro Esporte Clube
Jonathan Moreira is affiliated to Cruzeiro E.C.
Jonathan Moreira is affiliated to Brazil national football team
Jonathan Moreira is affiliated to A.C. Milan
Jonathan Moreira is affiliated to A.S. Roma
Jonathan Moreira is affiliated to Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras
Brian Horne is affiliated to Farnborough F.C.
Brian Horne is affiliated to Middlesbrough F.C.
Brian Horne is affiliated to Portsmouth F.C.
Brian Horne is affiliated to Hartlepool United F.C.
Brian Horne is affiliated to Millwall F.C.
Brian Horne is affiliated to Stoke City F.C.
Brian Horne is affiliated to Dover Athletic F.C.
Brian Horne is affiliated to Gillingham F.C.
Brian Horne is affiliated to England national under-21 football team
Brian Horne is affiliated to Queens Park Rangers F.C.
Nuno Filipe Rodrigues Silva is affiliated to Gondomar S.C.
Nuno Filipe Rodrigues Silva is affiliated to F.C. Famalicão
Nuno Filipe Rodrigues Silva is affiliated to C.D. Trofense
Nuno Filipe Rodrigues Silva is affiliated to Merelinense F.C.
Nuno Filipe Rodrigues Silva is affiliated to C.D. Santa Clara
Nuno Filipe Rodrigues Silva is affiliated to S.C. Braga
Nuno Filipe Rodrigues Silva is affiliated to Gil Vicente F.C.
Nuno Filipe Rodrigues Silva is affiliated to C.D. Aves
Nuno Filipe Rodrigues Silva is affiliated to S.C. Braga B
Nuno Filipe Rodrigues Silva is affiliated to C.D. Tondela
Freddie Bartholomew has gender female
Freddie Bartholomew has gender male
Freddie Bartholomew has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Freddie Bartholomew has gender Turkey
Freddie Bartholomew has gender United Kingdom
Freddie Bartholomew has gender France
Freddie Bartholomew has gender Ukraine
Freddie Bartholomew has gender Germany
Freddie Bartholomew has gender Azerbaijan
Freddie Bartholomew has gender Baku
Kevin Volland is affiliated to TSG Thannhausen
Kevin Volland is affiliated to FC Memmingen
Kevin Volland is affiliated to TSG 1899 Hoffenheim
Kevin Volland is affiliated to de/Deutsche Fußballnationalmannschaft (U-17-Junioren)
Kevin Volland is affiliated to TSV 1860 München
Kevin Volland is affiliated to de/Deutsche Fußballnationalmannschaft (U-20-Männer)
Kevin Volland is affiliated to TSV 1860 München II
Kevin Volland is affiliated to Germany national youth football team
Kevin Volland is affiliated to de/Deutsche Fußballnationalmannschaft (U-19-Junioren)
Kevin Volland is affiliated to Germany national under-21 football team
Romain Reynaud was born in Paris
Romain Reynaud was born in Marseille
Romain Reynaud was born in Saint-Étienne
Romain Reynaud was born in Dakar
Romain Reynaud was born in Abidjan
Romain Reynaud was born in Vitry-sur-Seine
Romain Reynaud was born in Loire
Romain Reynaud was born in Lyon
Romain Reynaud was born in Roubaix
Romain Reynaud was born in Nantes
Józef Młynarczyk plays for BKS Stal Bielsko-Biała
Józef Młynarczyk plays for SC Bastia
Józef Młynarczyk plays for Poland national football team
Józef Młynarczyk plays for Widzew Łódź
Józef Młynarczyk plays for F.C. Porto
Józef Młynarczyk plays for S.C. Bastia
Józef Młynarczyk plays for Odra Opole
Józef Młynarczyk plays for Górnik Zabrze
Józef Młynarczyk plays for Legia Warsaw
Józef Młynarczyk plays for Polonia Warsaw
Esben Hansen is affiliated to Randers FC
Esben Hansen is affiliated to Odense Boldklub
Esben Hansen is affiliated to Denmark national football team
Esben Hansen is affiliated to Denmark national under-21 football team
Esben Hansen is affiliated to Lyngby Boldklub
Esben Hansen is affiliated to Nykøbing FC
Esben Hansen is affiliated to 1. FC Kaiserslautern
Esben Hansen is affiliated to FC Nordsjælland
Esben Hansen is affiliated to Næstved BK
Esben Hansen is affiliated to Denmark national under-19 football team
Craig Lindfield is affiliated to Chester F.C.
Craig Lindfield is affiliated to Accrington Stanley F.C.
Craig Lindfield is affiliated to Macclesfield Town F.C.
Craig Lindfield is affiliated to Liverpool F.C.
Craig Lindfield is affiliated to Notts County F.C.
Craig Lindfield is affiliated to A.F.C. Bournemouth
Craig Lindfield is affiliated to Kidderminster Harriers F.C.
Craig Lindfield is affiliated to Chester City F.C.
Craig Lindfield is affiliated to England national under-19 football team
Craig Lindfield is affiliated to Tranmere Rovers F.C.
Luis Anaya is affiliated to C.D. Platense Municipal Zacatecoluca
Luis Anaya is affiliated to C.D. Universidad de El Salvador
Luis Anaya is affiliated to C.D. Chalatenango
Luis Anaya is affiliated to C.D. Águila
Luis Anaya is affiliated to C.D. FAS
Luis Anaya is affiliated to El Salvador national football team
Luis Anaya is affiliated to Alianza F.C.
Luis Anaya is affiliated to Club Deportivo San José
Luis Anaya is affiliated to C.D. Atlético Marte
Luis Anaya is affiliated to A.D. Isidro Metapán
Scott Barron plays for Millwall F.C.
Scott Barron plays for Brentford F.C.
Scott Barron plays for Wrexham F.C.
Scott Barron plays for Ipswich Town F.C.
Scott Barron plays for Preston North End F.C.
Scott Barron plays for Crystal Palace F.C.
Scott Barron plays for Gillingham F.C.
Scott Barron plays for Queens Park Rangers F.C.
Scott Barron plays for Swindon Town F.C.
Scott Barron plays for Leicester City F.C.
Nicolas Raynier plays for US Boulogne
Nicolas Raynier plays for AS Monaco FC
Nicolas Raynier plays for Lille OSC
Nicolas Raynier plays for Amiens SC
Nicolas Raynier plays for FC Sète 34
Nicolas Raynier plays for A.S. Monaco F.C.
Nicolas Raynier plays for Lille O.S.C.
Nicolas Raynier plays for France national football team
Nicolas Raynier plays for AS Cannes
Nicolas Raynier plays for AS Beauvais Oise
Hugh Baird was born in Aberdeen
Hugh Baird was born in Glasgow
Hugh Baird was born in Edinburgh
Hugh Baird was born in Bellshill
"Hugh Baird was born in Airdrie, North Lanarkshire"
Hugh Baird was born in Dundee
Hugh Baird was born in Johnstone
Hugh Baird was born in Coatbridge
"Hugh Baird was born in Irvine, North Ayrshire"
Hugh Baird was born in Inverness
Lazaros Iakovou plays for Cyprus national football team
Lazaros Iakovou plays for Apollon Kalamarias
Lazaros Iakovou plays for Nea Salamis Famagusta FC
Lazaros Iakovou plays for AEK Larnaca F.C.
Lazaros Iakovou plays for Panachaiki G.E.
Lazaros Iakovou plays for Apollon Limassol
Lazaros Iakovou plays for Alki Larnaca F.C.
Lazaros Iakovou plays for AC Omonia
Lazaros Iakovou plays for Anorthosis Famagusta FC
Lazaros Iakovou plays for AEL Limassol
Artur Voskanyan plays for FC Spartak Yerevan
Artur Voskanyan plays for FC Pyunik
Artur Voskanyan plays for Armenia national football team
Artur Voskanyan plays for FC Banants
Artur Voskanyan plays for FC Vitebsk
Artur Voskanyan plays for FC Ararat Yerevan
Artur Voskanyan plays for Digenis Akritas Morphou
Artur Voskanyan plays for FC Elista
Artur Voskanyan plays for Ethnikos Achna FC
Artur Voskanyan plays for Kilikia F.C.
Kō Shibasaki has gender female
Kō Shibasaki has gender male
Kō Shibasaki has gender United Kingdom
Kō Shibasaki has gender English language
Kō Shibasaki has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Kō Shibasaki has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Kō Shibasaki has gender Erasmus Prize
Kō Shibasaki has gender France
Kō Shibasaki has gender United States
Kō Shibasaki has gender wordnet electronics 106099269
Judy Garland is married to Sidney Luft
Judy Garland is married to Judy Garland
Judy Garland is married to Vincente Minnelli
Judy Garland is married to David Rose
Judy Garland is married to Paul Simon
Judy Garland is married to Liza Minnelli
Judy Garland is married to Ava Gardner
Judy Garland is married to Artie Shaw
Judy Garland is married to Peter Allen
"Judy Garland is married to Jack Haley, Jr."
Lárus Guðmundsson plays for Iceland national under-21 football team
Lárus Guðmundsson plays for Iceland national football team
Lárus Guðmundsson plays for Iceland national under-19 football team
Lárus Guðmundsson plays for Stjarnan
Lárus Guðmundsson plays for Iceland national under-17 football team
Lárus Guðmundsson plays for Valur Football Club
Lárus Guðmundsson plays for Knattspyrnufélagið Víkingur
Lárus Guðmundsson plays for K. Waterschei S.V. Thor Genk
Lárus Guðmundsson plays for KFC Uerdingen 05
Lárus Guðmundsson plays for 1. FC Kaiserslautern
Alan Sunderland is affiliated to Ipswich Town F.C.
Alan Sunderland is affiliated to Arsenal F.C.
Alan Sunderland is affiliated to Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C.
Alan Sunderland is affiliated to England national football B team
Alan Sunderland is affiliated to England national football team
Alan Sunderland is affiliated to England national under-21 football team
Alan Sunderland is affiliated to Derry City F.C.
Alan Sunderland is affiliated to West Ham United F.C.
Alan Sunderland is affiliated to Sunderland A.F.C.
Alan Sunderland is affiliated to Manchester City F.C.
Ayaan Hirsi Ali is married to Niall Ferguson
Ayaan Hirsi Ali is married to Ayaan Hirsi Ali
Ayaan Hirsi Ali is married to Neelie Kroes
"Ayaan Hirsi Ali is married to Mary Stuart, Countess of Bute"
Ayaan Hirsi Ali is married to Bram Peper
Ayaan Hirsi Ali is married to Iman (model)
Ayaan Hirsi Ali is married to Angela C. Smith
Ayaan Hirsi Ali is married to Rose Friedman
Ayaan Hirsi Ali is married to Adam Smith
Ayaan Hirsi Ali is married to Samantha Cameron
Abdeljalil Hadda plays for COD Meknès
Abdeljalil Hadda plays for MAS Fez
Abdeljalil Hadda plays for Club Africain
Abdeljalil Hadda plays for Morocco national football team
Abdeljalil Hadda plays for Ittihad FC
Abdeljalil Hadda plays for Sporting de Gijón
Abdeljalil Hadda plays for Yokohama F. Marinos
Abdeljalil Hadda plays for Wydad Casablanca
Abdeljalil Hadda plays for Raja Casablanca
Abdeljalil Hadda plays for Widad Fez
Leonard Eugene Dickson works at University of Chicago
"Leonard Eugene Dickson works at University of California, Berkeley"
Leonard Eugene Dickson works at Columbia University
Leonard Eugene Dickson works at Massachusetts Institute of Technology
Leonard Eugene Dickson works at Harvard University
Leonard Eugene Dickson works at Princeton University
Leonard Eugene Dickson works at Yale University
Leonard Eugene Dickson works at Stanford University
Leonard Eugene Dickson works at Institute for Advanced Study
Leonard Eugene Dickson works at California Institute of Technology
Colin McKee is affiliated to Queen's Park F.C.
Colin McKee is affiliated to Falkirk F.C.
Colin McKee is affiliated to Kilmarnock F.C.
Colin McKee is affiliated to Ross County F.C.
Colin McKee is affiliated to Stirling Albion F.C.
Colin McKee is affiliated to Queen of the South F.C.
Colin McKee is affiliated to Partick Thistle F.C.
Colin McKee is affiliated to Bury F.C.
Colin McKee is affiliated to Manchester United F.C.
Colin McKee is affiliated to Knattspyrnufélagið Víkingur
Rubén Maldonado plays for Cosenza Calcio
Rubén Maldonado plays for F.B.C. Unione Venezia
Rubén Maldonado plays for Club Olimpia
Rubén Maldonado plays for Club de Gimnasia y Esgrima La Plata
Rubén Maldonado plays for A.C. Chievo Verona
Rubén Maldonado plays for S.S.C. Napoli
Rubén Maldonado plays for Paraguay national football team
Rubén Maldonado plays for Udinese Calcio
Rubén Maldonado plays for Cerro Porteño
Rubén Maldonado plays for Club Libertad
Guido Hoffmann plays for 1. FC Lokomotive Leipzig
Guido Hoffmann plays for 1. FC Kaiserslautern
Guido Hoffmann plays for FC 08 Homburg
Guido Hoffmann plays for SV Waldhof Mannheim
Guido Hoffmann plays for de/VfB Leipzig
Guido Hoffmann plays for AC Omonia
Guido Hoffmann plays for Bayer 04 Leverkusen
Guido Hoffmann plays for FC Energie Cottbus
Guido Hoffmann plays for Borussia Mönchengladbach
Guido Hoffmann plays for Germany national under-21 football team
Chaozhou is located in Guangdong
Chaozhou is located in United States
Chaozhou is located in China
Chaozhou is located in Japan
Chaozhou is located in France
Chaozhou is located in Shandong
Chaozhou is located in Jiangmen
Chaozhou is located in India
Chaozhou is located in Poland
Chaozhou is located in Henan
Devon White (footballer) plays for Shepshed Dynamo F.C.
Devon White (footballer) plays for Grantham Town F.C.
Devon White (footballer) plays for Notts County F.C.
Devon White (footballer) plays for Lincoln City F.C.
Devon White (footballer) plays for Naxxar Lions F.C.
Devon White (footballer) plays for Ilkeston F.C.
Devon White (footballer) plays for Boston United F.C.
Devon White (footballer) plays for Cambridge United F.C.
Devon White (footballer) plays for Bristol Rovers F.C.
Devon White (footballer) plays for Arnold Town F.C.
Battle of Nördlingen (1634) happened in Bavaria
Battle of Nördlingen (1634) happened in Electorate of Bavaria
Battle of Nördlingen (1634) happened in Holy Roman Empire
Battle of Nördlingen (1634) happened in Nördlingen
Battle of Nördlingen (1634) happened in Germany
Battle of Nördlingen (1634) happened in Spain
Battle of Nördlingen (1634) happened in Europe
Battle of Nördlingen (1634) happened in Sweden
Battle of Nördlingen (1634) happened in Saxe-Weimar
Battle of Nördlingen (1634) happened in Saxony
Valmir Pontes Arantes plays for SC Brühl
Valmir Pontes Arantes plays for FC Gossau
Valmir Pontes Arantes plays for FC Wil 1900
Valmir Pontes Arantes plays for FC Lugano
Valmir Pontes Arantes plays for FC Chur 97
Valmir Pontes Arantes plays for FC Sion
Valmir Pontes Arantes plays for Santos FC
Valmir Pontes Arantes plays for FC St. Gallen
Valmir Pontes Arantes plays for FC Vaduz
Valmir Pontes Arantes plays for FC Chiasso
Yasin Çelik has gender male
Yasin Çelik has gender female
Yasin Çelik has gender wordnet chemical 114806838
Yasin Çelik has gender Democratic Party (United States)
Yasin Çelik has gender Tomsk
Yasin Çelik has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Yasin Çelik has gender Hong Kong
Yasin Çelik has gender United Kingdom
Yasin Çelik has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Yasin Çelik has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Yuriy Dmytrulin is affiliated to FC Dynamo-2 Kyiv
Yuriy Dmytrulin is affiliated to SC Tavriya Simferopol
Yuriy Dmytrulin is affiliated to Ukraine national football team
Yuriy Dmytrulin is affiliated to F.C. Dynamo Kyiv
Yuriy Dmytrulin is affiliated to S.K. Tavriya Simferopol
Yuriy Dmytrulin is affiliated to FC Dynamo Kyiv
Yuriy Dmytrulin is affiliated to FC Yednist' Plysky
Yuriy Dmytrulin is affiliated to FC Shinnik Yaroslavl
Yuriy Dmytrulin is affiliated to FC Dynamo-3 Kyiv
Yuriy Dmytrulin is affiliated to FC CSKA Kyiv
Live Nation Entertainment is located in Beverly Hills
Live Nation Entertainment is located in Los Angeles
Live Nation Entertainment is located in New York City
Live Nation Entertainment is located in California
Live Nation Entertainment is located in United States
"Live Nation Entertainment is located in Beverly Hills, California"
"Live Nation Entertainment is located in Santa Monica, California"
Live Nation Entertainment is located in London
Live Nation Entertainment is located in Santa Monica
Live Nation Entertainment is located in Chicago
Daniel Arismendi plays for Mineros de Guayana
Daniel Arismendi plays for Carabobo FC
Daniel Arismendi plays for Deportivo Táchira
Daniel Arismendi plays for Deportivo Petare
Daniel Arismendi plays for Unión Atlético Maracaibo
Daniel Arismendi plays for Venezuela national football team
Daniel Arismendi plays for Deportes Antofagasta
Daniel Arismendi plays for Deportivo Anzoátegui
Daniel Arismendi plays for C.F. Atlante
Daniel Arismendi plays for Juan Aurich
Roderick Chisholm has gender male
Roderick Chisholm has gender female
Roderick Chisholm has gender United Kingdom
Roderick Chisholm has gender Turkey
Roderick Chisholm has gender France
Roderick Chisholm has gender Azerbaijan
Roderick Chisholm has gender London
Roderick Chisholm has gender Germany
Roderick Chisholm has gender United States
Roderick Chisholm has gender Africa
Colin Blant is affiliated to Workington A.F.C.
Colin Blant is affiliated to Burnley F.C.
Colin Blant is affiliated to Grimsby Town F.C.
Colin Blant is affiliated to Darlington F.C.
Colin Blant is affiliated to Rochdale A.F.C.
Colin Blant is affiliated to Portsmouth F.C.
Colin Blant is affiliated to Rossendale United F.C.
Colin Blant is affiliated to Carlisle United F.C.
Colin Blant is affiliated to York City F.C.
Colin Blant is affiliated to Blackpool F.C.
Frank Lieberam is affiliated to 1. FC Magdeburg
Frank Lieberam is affiliated to VfB Germania Halberstadt
Frank Lieberam is affiliated to East Germany national football team
Frank Lieberam is affiliated to 1. FC Lok Stendal
Frank Lieberam is affiliated to Dynamo Dresden
Frank Lieberam is affiliated to MSV Neuruppin
Frank Lieberam is affiliated to TSV Stahl Riesa
Frank Lieberam is affiliated to VfL Wolfsburg
Frank Lieberam is affiliated to Ulsan Hyundai FC
Frank Lieberam is affiliated to FC Erzgebirge Aue
Josip Broz Tito is politician of Yugoslavia
Josip Broz Tito is politician of Soviet Union
Josip Broz Tito is politician of Russia
Josip Broz Tito is politician of France
Josip Broz Tito is politician of Czechoslovakia
Josip Broz Tito is politician of Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia
Josip Broz Tito is politician of Poland
Josip Broz Tito is politician of East Germany
Josip Broz Tito is politician of Germany
Josip Broz Tito is politician of United States
Rainer Hauck has gender male
Rainer Hauck has gender female
Rainer Hauck has gender United Kingdom
Rainer Hauck has gender France
Rainer Hauck has gender Tomsk
Rainer Hauck has gender Italy
Rainer Hauck has gender Bulgaria
Rainer Hauck has gender London
Rainer Hauck has gender Brazil
Rainer Hauck has gender United States
Stéphane Besle is affiliated to Neuchâtel Xamax
Stéphane Besle is affiliated to RC Lens
Stéphane Besle is affiliated to SC Schiltigheim
Stéphane Besle is affiliated to R.C. Lens
Stéphane Besle is affiliated to FC Metz
Stéphane Besle is affiliated to R.C. Strasbourg
Stéphane Besle is affiliated to FC St. Gallen
Stéphane Besle is affiliated to F.C. Metz
Stéphane Besle is affiliated to RC Strasbourg
Stéphane Besle is affiliated to FC Sion
Kim Dong-jin plays for Ulsan Hyundai FC
Kim Dong-jin plays for South Korea national under-23 football team
Kim Dong-jin plays for FC Seoul
Kim Dong-jin plays for Muangthong United F.C.
Kim Dong-jin plays for Hangzhou Greentown F.C.
Kim Dong-jin plays for South Korea national football team
Kim Dong-jin plays for FC Zenit Saint Petersburg
Kim Dong-jin plays for South Korea national under-20 football team
Kim Dong-jin plays for F.C. Zenit St. Petersburg
Kim Dong-jin plays for Seongnam FC
Marek Motyka plays for Wisła Kraków
Marek Motyka plays for TS Koszarawa 1910 Żywiec
Marek Motyka plays for Hetman Zamość
Marek Motyka plays for KS Cracovia (football)
Marek Motyka plays for Poland national football team
Marek Motyka plays for Garbarnia Kraków
Marek Motyka plays for Kolejarz Stróże
Marek Motyka plays for Hutnik Nowa Huta
Marek Motyka plays for Wawel Kraków
Marek Motyka plays for Górnik Zabrze
Quincy Promes was born in Amsterdam
Quincy Promes was born in Deventer
Quincy Promes was born in Oldenzaal
Quincy Promes was born in Haarlem
Quincy Promes was born in Enschede
Quincy Promes was born in Arnhem
Quincy Promes was born in Paramaribo
Quincy Promes was born in Utrecht
Quincy Promes was born in Rotterdam
Quincy Promes was born in The Hague
Stanisław Terlecki plays for Gwardia Warszawa
Stanisław Terlecki plays for Pittsburgh Spirit
Stanisław Terlecki plays for Legia Warsaw
Stanisław Terlecki plays for Poland national football team
Stanisław Terlecki plays for New York Cosmos
Stanisław Terlecki plays for Polonia Warsaw
Stanisław Terlecki plays for St. Louis Storm
Stanisław Terlecki plays for ŁKS Łódź
Stanisław Terlecki plays for San Jose Earthquakes (1974–88)
Stanisław Terlecki plays for United States men's national soccer team
Lucas Barrios is affiliated to Barracas Central
Lucas Barrios is affiliated to Deportes Temuco
Lucas Barrios is affiliated to Argentinos Juniors
Lucas Barrios is affiliated to Club Atlético Tigre
Lucas Barrios is affiliated to A.A. Argentinos Juniors
Lucas Barrios is affiliated to Guangzhou Evergrande F.C.
Lucas Barrios is affiliated to Cobreloa
Lucas Barrios is affiliated to FC Spartak Moscow
Lucas Barrios is affiliated to Colo-Colo
Lucas Barrios is affiliated to Tiro Federal
Battle of Bornhöved (1227) happened in Free City of Lübeck
Battle of Bornhöved (1227) happened in Schleswig-Holstein
Battle of Bornhöved (1227) happened in Denmark
Battle of Bornhöved (1227) happened in Hamburg
Battle of Bornhöved (1227) happened in Germany
Battle of Bornhöved (1227) happened in Lübeck
Battle of Bornhöved (1227) happened in Holstein
Battle of Bornhöved (1227) happened in Jutland
Battle of Bornhöved (1227) happened in Kiel
Battle of Bornhöved (1227) happened in Prussia
Ramón Martínez de Paz is affiliated to C.D. Municipal Limeño
Ramón Martínez de Paz is affiliated to C.D. Chalatenango
Ramón Martínez de Paz is affiliated to C.D. Atlético Balboa
Ramón Martínez de Paz is affiliated to C.D. Luis Ángel Firpo
Ramón Martínez de Paz is affiliated to C.D. Universidad de El Salvador
Ramón Martínez de Paz is affiliated to Alianza F.C.
Ramón Martínez de Paz is affiliated to El Salvador national football team
Ramón Martínez de Paz is affiliated to C.D. Águila
Ramón Martínez de Paz is affiliated to C.D. Vista Hermosa
Ramón Martínez de Paz is affiliated to Once Municipal
Andriy Vorobey is affiliated to FC Helios Kharkiv
Andriy Vorobey is affiliated to Ukraine national football team
Andriy Vorobey is affiliated to FC Metalist Kharkiv
Andriy Vorobey is affiliated to FC Shakhtar Donetsk
Andriy Vorobey is affiliated to FC Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk
Andriy Vorobey is affiliated to FC Arsenal Kyiv
Andriy Vorobey is affiliated to F.C. Shakhtar Donetsk
Andriy Vorobey is affiliated to Ukraine national under-21 football team
Andriy Vorobey is affiliated to FC Shakhtar-2 Donetsk
Andriy Vorobey is affiliated to FC Kryvbas Kryvyi Rih
Ernesto Mastrángelo plays for Club Atlético Atlanta
Ernesto Mastrángelo plays for Unión de Santa Fe
Ernesto Mastrángelo plays for Boca Juniors
Ernesto Mastrángelo plays for Club Atlético River Plate
Ernesto Mastrángelo plays for Argentina national football team
Ernesto Mastrángelo plays for C.A. River Plate
Ernesto Mastrángelo plays for Racing Club de Avellaneda
Ernesto Mastrángelo plays for Argentina national under-20 football team
Ernesto Mastrángelo plays for Argentinos Juniors
Ernesto Mastrángelo plays for Club Atlético Huracán
Martin Čížek is affiliated to Czech Republic national football team
Martin Čížek is affiliated to FC Baník Ostrava
Martin Čížek is affiliated to SpVgg Unterhaching
Martin Čížek is affiliated to TSV 1860 München
Martin Čížek is affiliated to AC Sparta Prague
Martin Čížek is affiliated to Czech Republic national under-21 football team
Martin Čížek is affiliated to Czechoslovakia national football team
Martin Čížek is affiliated to FC Bayern Munich
Martin Čížek is affiliated to Dukla Prague
Martin Čížek is affiliated to FK Teplice
Jules Tchimbakala plays for Paris FC
Jules Tchimbakala plays for Le Mans FC
Jules Tchimbakala plays for Thouars Foot 79
Jules Tchimbakala plays for Congo national football team
Jules Tchimbakala plays for Toulouse FC
Jules Tchimbakala plays for Le Mans U.C. 72
Jules Tchimbakala plays for Toulouse F.C.
Jules Tchimbakala plays for Raith Rovers F.C.
Jules Tchimbakala plays for Stade Rennais F.C.
Jules Tchimbakala plays for Stade de Reims
Philippe Redon plays for AS Saint-Étienne
Philippe Redon plays for Stade Lavallois
Philippe Redon plays for FC Rouen
Philippe Redon plays for Stade Rennais F.C.
Philippe Redon plays for Paris Saint-Germain F.C.
Philippe Redon plays for FC Metz
Philippe Redon plays for US Créteil-Lusitanos
Philippe Redon plays for Red Star F.C.
Philippe Redon plays for FC Girondins de Bordeaux
Philippe Redon plays for F.C. Metz
Aleksandar Bratić plays for FK Leotar
Aleksandar Bratić plays for FK Hajduk Kula
Aleksandar Bratić plays for OFK Beograd
Aleksandar Bratić plays for Red Star Belgrade
Aleksandar Bratić plays for CS Chênois
Aleksandar Bratić plays for FK Rad
Aleksandar Bratić plays for Iraklis Thessaloniki F.C.
Aleksandar Bratić plays for F.K. Red Star Belgrade
Aleksandar Bratić plays for O.F.K. Beograd
Aleksandar Bratić plays for Servette FC
The House of Mirth (2000 film) is located in United States
The House of Mirth (2000 film) is located in France
The House of Mirth (2000 film) is located in United Kingdom
The House of Mirth (2000 film) is located in Germany
The House of Mirth (2000 film) is located in Italy
The House of Mirth (2000 film) is located in Canada
The House of Mirth (2000 film) is located in India
The House of Mirth (2000 film) is located in Spain
The House of Mirth (2000 film) is located in China
The House of Mirth (2000 film) is located in Australia
Lothar Kurbjuweit plays for TSV Stahl Riesa
Lothar Kurbjuweit plays for Hallescher FC
Lothar Kurbjuweit plays for FC Carl Zeiss Jena
Lothar Kurbjuweit plays for East Germany national football team
Lothar Kurbjuweit plays for Director of football
Lothar Kurbjuweit plays for Dynamo Dresden
Lothar Kurbjuweit plays for East Germany national under-21 football team
Lothar Kurbjuweit plays for VfL Halle 1896
Lothar Kurbjuweit plays for 1. FC Lokomotive Leipzig
Lothar Kurbjuweit plays for FSV Zwickau
Adrián Bastía plays for Asteras Tripoli F.C.
Adrián Bastía plays for Club Atlético Colón
Adrián Bastía plays for Estudiantes de La Plata
Adrián Bastía plays for Racing Club de Avellaneda
Adrián Bastía plays for FC Saturn Ramenskoye
Adrián Bastía plays for Atlético de Rafaela
Adrián Bastía plays for RCD Espanyol
Adrián Bastía plays for R.C.D. Espanyol de Barcelona
Adrián Bastía plays for Saturn Moscow Oblast
Adrián Bastía plays for Argentina national football team
Kota Mizunuma plays for Tochigi SC
Kota Mizunuma plays for Japan national under-17 football team
Kota Mizunuma plays for Japan national under-20 football team
Kota Mizunuma plays for Yokohama F. Marinos
Kota Mizunuma plays for Japan national under-23 football team
Kota Mizunuma plays for Sagan Tosu
Kota Mizunuma plays for Tochigi S.C.
Kota Mizunuma plays for Japan national football team
Kota Mizunuma plays for Avispa Fukuoka
Kota Mizunuma plays for Urawa Red Diamonds
Laura Georges is affiliated to France women's national football team
Laura Georges is affiliated to Paris Saint-Germain Féminines
Laura Georges is affiliated to Clairefontaine
Laura Georges is affiliated to Boston College Eagles
Laura Georges is affiliated to Olympique Lyonnais (Ladies)
Laura Georges is affiliated to Paris Saint-Germain F.C.
Laura Georges is affiliated to Montpellier HSC (Ladies)
Laura Georges is affiliated to fr/Centre national de formation et d'entraînement de Clairefontaine
Laura Georges is affiliated to France women's national under-19 football team
Laura Georges is affiliated to FCF Juvisy
"Luis García (footballer, born 1979) plays for Atlético Madrid B"
"Luis García (footballer, born 1979) plays for CF Rayo Majadahonda"
"Luis García (footballer, born 1979) plays for Getafe CF"
"Luis García (footballer, born 1979) plays for CD Numancia"
"Luis García (footballer, born 1979) plays for Xerez CD"
"Luis García (footballer, born 1979) plays for Real Zaragoza"
"Luis García (footballer, born 1979) plays for CD Tenerife"
"Luis García (footballer, born 1979) plays for Atlético Madrid"
"Luis García (footballer, born 1979) plays for SD Huesca"
"Luis García (footballer, born 1979) plays for Celta de Vigo"
Hans-Jürgen Wloka is affiliated to Rot-Weiß Oberhausen
Hans-Jürgen Wloka is affiliated to KFC Uerdingen 05
Hans-Jürgen Wloka is affiliated to Arminia Bielefeld
Hans-Jürgen Wloka is affiliated to Borussia Mönchengladbach
Hans-Jürgen Wloka is affiliated to SV Arminia Hannover
Hans-Jürgen Wloka is affiliated to K.F.C. Uerdingen 05
Hans-Jürgen Wloka is affiliated to Hannover 96
Hans-Jürgen Wloka is affiliated to Fortuna Düsseldorf
Hans-Jürgen Wloka is affiliated to Eintracht Braunschweig
Hans-Jürgen Wloka is affiliated to VfL Osnabrück
Juan Povedano Martínez is affiliated to CF Rayo Majadahonda
Juan Povedano Martínez is affiliated to CD Leganés
Juan Povedano Martínez is affiliated to UD Melilla
Juan Povedano Martínez is affiliated to Atlético Madrid B
Juan Povedano Martínez is affiliated to SD Ponferradina
Juan Povedano Martínez is affiliated to UE Lleida
Juan Povedano Martínez is affiliated to UMF Selfoss
Juan Povedano Martínez is affiliated to Atlético Madrid
Juan Povedano Martínez is affiliated to Rayo Vallecano
Juan Povedano Martínez is affiliated to Xerez CD
Leonid Musin was born in Kiev
Leonid Musin was born in Kharkiv
Leonid Musin was born in Moscow
Leonid Musin was born in Odessa
Leonid Musin was born in Minsk
Leonid Musin was born in Zaporizhia
Leonid Musin was born in Poltava
Leonid Musin was born in Cherkasy
Leonid Musin was born in Dnipropetrovsk
Leonid Musin was born in Donetsk
George Stabb plays for Bradford Park Avenue A.F.C.
George Stabb plays for Torquay United F.C.
George Stabb plays for Notts County F.C.
George Stabb plays for Port Vale F.C.
George Stabb plays for Bradford City A.F.C.
George Stabb plays for Huddersfield Town F.C.
George Stabb plays for Mansfield Town F.C.
George Stabb plays for Chesterfield F.C.
George Stabb plays for England national football team
George Stabb plays for Lincoln City F.C.
Marcílio Alves da Silva was born in Rio de Janeiro
Marcílio Alves da Silva was born in Beirut
Marcílio Alves da Silva was born in São Paulo
"Marcílio Alves da Silva was born in Salvador, Bahia"
Marcílio Alves da Silva was born in Brasília
Marcílio Alves da Silva was born in Campinas
Marcílio Alves da Silva was born in Nova Iguaçu
Marcílio Alves da Silva was born in Petrópolis
Marcílio Alves da Silva was born in Campo Grande
Marcílio Alves da Silva was born in Campos dos Goytacazes
Juliano Gomes Soares is affiliated to Trindade Atlético Clube
Juliano Gomes Soares is affiliated to Anápolis Futebol Clube
Juliano Gomes Soares is affiliated to Clube Recreativo e Atlético Catalano
Juliano Gomes Soares is affiliated to Paulista Futebol Clube
Juliano Gomes Soares is affiliated to Rio Branco Esporte Clube
Juliano Gomes Soares is affiliated to Esporte Clube Santo André
Juliano Gomes Soares is affiliated to Sociedade Esportiva do Gama
Juliano Gomes Soares is affiliated to Sertãozinho Futebol Clube
Juliano Gomes Soares is affiliated to Goiás Esporte Clube
Juliano Gomes Soares is affiliated to Vila Nova Futebol Clube
Wellington Silva (footballer born 1993) has gender male
Wellington Silva (footballer born 1993) has gender female
Wellington Silva (footballer born 1993) has gender Tomsk
Wellington Silva (footballer born 1993) has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Wellington Silva (footballer born 1993) has gender Azerbaijan
Wellington Silva (footballer born 1993) has gender Turkey
Wellington Silva (footballer born 1993) has gender United Kingdom
Wellington Silva (footballer born 1993) has gender France
Wellington Silva (footballer born 1993) has gender London Heathrow Terminal 3
Wellington Silva (footballer born 1993) has gender Qatar
Sébastien Faure (footballer) has gender male
Sébastien Faure (footballer) has gender female
Sébastien Faure (footballer) has gender Azerbaijan
Sébastien Faure (footballer) has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Sébastien Faure (footballer) has gender United Kingdom
Sébastien Faure (footballer) has gender Tomsk
Sébastien Faure (footballer) has gender Golden Globe Award
Sébastien Faure (footballer) has gender Turkey
Sébastien Faure (footballer) has gender London
Sébastien Faure (footballer) has gender Ukraine
Eduardo Delani is affiliated to Clube de Regatas Brasil
Eduardo Delani is affiliated to Marília Atlético Clube
Eduardo Delani is affiliated to Viborg FF
Eduardo Delani is affiliated to Clube Atlético Bragantino
Eduardo Delani is affiliated to Guangzhou Evergrande F.C.
Eduardo Delani is affiliated to Vejle Boldklub
Eduardo Delani is affiliated to Cruzeiro Esporte Clube
Eduardo Delani is affiliated to Botafogo de Futebol e Regatas
Eduardo Delani is affiliated to Halmstads BK
Eduardo Delani is affiliated to Guarani Futebol Clube
Marcel Sacramento plays for Kalmar FF
Marcel Sacramento plays for Jönköpings Södra IF
Marcel Sacramento plays for América Futebol Clube (RN)
Marcel Sacramento plays for Ceará Sporting Club
Marcel Sacramento plays for Esporte Clube Bahia
Marcel Sacramento plays for Goiás Esporte Clube
Marcel Sacramento plays for Albirex Niigata
Marcel Sacramento plays for Fortaleza Esporte Clube
Marcel Sacramento plays for Esporte Clube Vitória
Marcel Sacramento plays for Figueirense Futebol Clube
Ángel Cuéllar plays for Real Betis B
Ángel Cuéllar plays for Spain national under-18 football team
Ángel Cuéllar plays for Levante UD
Ángel Cuéllar plays for Real Betis
Ángel Cuéllar plays for Gimnàstic de Tarragona
Ángel Cuéllar plays for CD Lugo
Ángel Cuéllar plays for Spain national under-20 football team
Ángel Cuéllar plays for Spain national under-16 football team
Ángel Cuéllar plays for Racing de Ferrol
Ángel Cuéllar plays for FC Barcelona
Robert Hosie plays for Todd Shipyards (soccer team)
Robert Hosie plays for Brooklyn Robins Dry Dock
Robert Hosie plays for New York Field Club
Robert Hosie plays for Paterson F.C. (NAFBL)
Robert Hosie plays for Vale of Leven F.C.
Robert Hosie plays for New York Giants (soccer)
Robert Hosie plays for Brooklyn Wanderers
Robert Hosie plays for Third Lanark A.C.
Robert Hosie plays for Clydebank F.C.
Robert Hosie plays for New York Nationals (ASL)
Gary Owen (footballer) plays for England national under-21 football team
Gary Owen (footballer) plays for West Bromwich Albion F.C.
Gary Owen (footballer) plays for Sheffield Wednesday F.C.
Gary Owen (footballer) plays for APOEL FC
Gary Owen (footballer) plays for Panionios G.S.S.
Gary Owen (footballer) plays for Hammarby IF
Gary Owen (footballer) plays for England national football B team
Gary Owen (footballer) plays for Manchester City F.C.
Gary Owen (footballer) plays for Panionios F.C
Gary Owen (footballer) plays for APOEL F.C.
Edith Massey has gender male
Edith Massey has gender female
Edith Massey has gender wordnet chemical 114806838
Edith Massey has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Edith Massey has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Edith Massey has gender London Heathrow Terminal 3
Edith Massey has gender wordnet electronics 106099269
Edith Massey has gender Independent (politician)
Edith Massey has gender English language
Edith Massey has gender United Kingdom
Andy Williams (Welsh footballer) plays for Bath City F.C.
Andy Williams (Welsh footballer) plays for Swindon Town F.C.
Andy Williams (Welsh footballer) plays for Southampton F.C.
Andy Williams (Welsh footballer) plays for Wales national football team
Andy Williams (Welsh footballer) plays for Wales national under-21 football team
Andy Williams (Welsh footballer) plays for Bristol Rovers F.C.
Andy Williams (Welsh footballer) plays for Cardiff City F.C.
Andy Williams (Welsh footballer) plays for Bristol City F.C.
Andy Williams (Welsh footballer) plays for Newport County A.F.C.
Andy Williams (Welsh footballer) plays for Wales national under-19 football team
Helle Thorning-Schmidt is affiliated to Socialist People's Party (Denmark)
Helle Thorning-Schmidt is affiliated to Danish Social Liberal Party
Helle Thorning-Schmidt is affiliated to Conservative People's Party (Denmark)
Helle Thorning-Schmidt is affiliated to Social Democrats (Denmark)
Helle Thorning-Schmidt is affiliated to Republican Party (United States)
Helle Thorning-Schmidt is affiliated to Democratic Party (United States)
Helle Thorning-Schmidt is affiliated to Venstre (Denmark)
Helle Thorning-Schmidt is affiliated to Party of European Socialists
Helle Thorning-Schmidt is affiliated to Independent (politician)
Helle Thorning-Schmidt is affiliated to Labour Party (UK)
Lee Jones (New Zealand footballer) is affiliated to Football Kingz FC
Lee Jones (New Zealand footballer) is affiliated to Glenfield Rovers
Lee Jones (New Zealand footballer) is affiliated to North Shore United
Lee Jones (New Zealand footballer) is affiliated to New Zealand national football team
Lee Jones (New Zealand footballer) is affiliated to University of Akron
Lee Jones (New Zealand footballer) is affiliated to Tampere United
Lee Jones (New Zealand footballer) is affiliated to FC Jokerit
Lee Jones (New Zealand footballer) is affiliated to Drogheda United F.C.
Lee Jones (New Zealand footballer) is affiliated to Wimbledon F.C.
Lee Jones (New Zealand footballer) is affiliated to New Zealand Knights FC
José Ramón Alexanko is affiliated to Basque Country national football team
José Ramón Alexanko is affiliated to Basque Country regional football team
José Ramón Alexanko is affiliated to Athletic Bilbao
José Ramón Alexanko is affiliated to Spain national football team
José Ramón Alexanko is affiliated to CD Laudio
José Ramón Alexanko is affiliated to Deportivo Alavés
José Ramón Alexanko is affiliated to Athletic Bilbao B
José Ramón Alexanko is affiliated to Spain national under-21 football team
José Ramón Alexanko is affiliated to FC Barcelona
José Ramón Alexanko is affiliated to FC Progresul București
Jimmy McGrory is affiliated to Celtic F.C.
Jimmy McGrory is affiliated to Clydebank F.C.
Jimmy McGrory is affiliated to Scotland national football team
Jimmy McGrory is affiliated to Scottish Football League XI
Jimmy McGrory is affiliated to Rangers F.C.
Jimmy McGrory is affiliated to Partick Thistle F.C.
Jimmy McGrory is affiliated to Hibernian F.C.
Jimmy McGrory is affiliated to Scotland national under-21 football team
Jimmy McGrory is affiliated to Motherwell F.C.
Jimmy McGrory is affiliated to St. Mirren F.C.
Ted Purdon plays for Toronto City
Ted Purdon plays for Workington A.F.C.
Ted Purdon plays for Telford United F.C.
Ted Purdon plays for Bath City F.C.
Ted Purdon plays for Birmingham City F.C.
Ted Purdon plays for Barrow A.F.C.
Ted Purdon plays for Sunderland A.F.C.
Ted Purdon plays for Bristol Rovers F.C.
Ted Purdon plays for England national football team
Ted Purdon plays for Carlisle United F.C.
Nicolas Penneteau is affiliated to Corsica national football team
Nicolas Penneteau is affiliated to S.C. Bastia
Nicolas Penneteau is affiliated to Valenciennes F.C.
Nicolas Penneteau is affiliated to Valenciennes FC
Nicolas Penneteau is affiliated to SC Bastia
Nicolas Penneteau is affiliated to France national under-21 football team
Nicolas Penneteau is affiliated to France national under-20 football team
Nicolas Penneteau is affiliated to Olympique de Marseille
Nicolas Penneteau is affiliated to France national under-19 football team
Nicolas Penneteau is affiliated to France national football team
Andrea Orlandi plays for Deportivo Alavés B
Andrea Orlandi plays for Deportivo Alavés
Andrea Orlandi plays for FC Barcelona B
Andrea Orlandi plays for Brighton & Hove Albion F.C.
Andrea Orlandi plays for Swansea City A.F.C.
Andrea Orlandi plays for FC Barcelona
Andrea Orlandi plays for FC Barcelona C
Andrea Orlandi plays for Spain national football team
Andrea Orlandi plays for RCD Espanyol
Andrea Orlandi plays for RCD Espanyol B
Ray Kennedy is affiliated to Swansea City A.F.C.
Ray Kennedy is affiliated to England national football team
Ray Kennedy is affiliated to Port Vale F.C.
Ray Kennedy is affiliated to Arsenal F.C.
Ray Kennedy is affiliated to Liverpool F.C.
Ray Kennedy is affiliated to Hartlepool United F.C.
Ray Kennedy is affiliated to England national under-21 football team
Ray Kennedy is affiliated to Sunderland A.F.C.
Ray Kennedy is affiliated to Newcastle United F.C.
Ray Kennedy is affiliated to Manchester City F.C.
Moise Kandé plays for Mauritania national football team
Moise Kandé plays for FC Les Lilas
Moise Kandé plays for Olympique Noisy-le-Sec
Moise Kandé plays for PAEEK
Moise Kandé plays for Nîmes Olympique
Moise Kandé plays for US Orléans
Moise Kandé plays for AEL Limassol
Moise Kandé plays for Nîmes Olympique F.C.
Moise Kandé plays for Clermont Foot
Moise Kandé plays for US Créteil-Lusitanos
Gianfranco Zigoni plays for Hellas Verona F.C.
Gianfranco Zigoni plays for Brescia Calcio
Gianfranco Zigoni plays for Italy national football team
Gianfranco Zigoni plays for Juventus F.C.
Gianfranco Zigoni plays for Genoa C.F.C.
Gianfranco Zigoni plays for A.S. Roma
Gianfranco Zigoni plays for Italy national under-21 football team
Gianfranco Zigoni plays for Inter Milan
Gianfranco Zigoni plays for A.C. Milan
Gianfranco Zigoni plays for Parma F.C.
Pavel Řehák is affiliated to FK Drnovice
Pavel Řehák is affiliated to Consadole Sapporo
Pavel Řehák is affiliated to JEF United Ichihara Chiba
Pavel Řehák is affiliated to Yokohama FC
Pavel Řehák is affiliated to SK Slavia Prague
Pavel Řehák is affiliated to Yokohama F.C.
Pavel Řehák is affiliated to Czechoslovakia national football team
Pavel Řehák is affiliated to AC Sparta Prague
Pavel Řehák is affiliated to Czech Republic national football team
Pavel Řehák is affiliated to Sanfrecce Hiroshima
Kenneth Møller Pedersen plays for FC Fredericia
Kenneth Møller Pedersen plays for Ikast FS
Kenneth Møller Pedersen plays for Boldklubben 1909
Kenneth Møller Pedersen plays for FC Midtjylland
Kenneth Møller Pedersen plays for Esbjerg fB
Kenneth Møller Pedersen plays for Randers FC
Kenneth Møller Pedersen plays for Odense Boldklub
Kenneth Møller Pedersen plays for Denmark national under-21 football team
Kenneth Møller Pedersen plays for Viborg FF
Kenneth Møller Pedersen plays for Vejle Boldklub
Heath Ledger has gender female
Heath Ledger has gender male
Heath Ledger has gender United Kingdom
Heath Ledger has gender France
Heath Ledger has gender Paris
Heath Ledger has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Heath Ledger has gender Turkey
Heath Ledger has gender Tomsk
Heath Ledger has gender United States
Heath Ledger has gender Bellingham International Airport
Setsuko Hara has gender male
Setsuko Hara has gender female
Setsuko Hara has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Setsuko Hara has gender Tomsk
Setsuko Hara has gender United Kingdom
Setsuko Hara has gender Republican Party (United States)
Setsuko Hara has gender Archibald Leitch
Setsuko Hara has gender United States
Setsuko Hara has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Setsuko Hara has gender London Heathrow Terminal 3
Kevin Hunt (footballer) has gender male
Kevin Hunt (footballer) has gender female
Kevin Hunt (footballer) has gender Azerbaijan
Kevin Hunt (footballer) has gender Turkey
Kevin Hunt (footballer) has gender France
Kevin Hunt (footballer) has gender Tomsk
Kevin Hunt (footballer) has gender Ukraine
Kevin Hunt (footballer) has gender Russia
Kevin Hunt (footballer) has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Kevin Hunt (footballer) has gender Moscow
Kelvin Etuhu is affiliated to Barnsley F.C.
Kelvin Etuhu is affiliated to Manchester City F.C.
Kelvin Etuhu is affiliated to Rochdale A.F.C.
Kelvin Etuhu is affiliated to Portsmouth F.C.
Kelvin Etuhu is affiliated to Leicester City F.C.
Kelvin Etuhu is affiliated to Cardiff City F.C.
Kelvin Etuhu is affiliated to Leeds United A.F.C.
Kelvin Etuhu is affiliated to Blackburn Rovers F.C.
Kelvin Etuhu is affiliated to Bolton Wanderers F.C.
Kelvin Etuhu is affiliated to Norwich City F.C.
"Adam Smith (footballer, born February 1985) is affiliated to F.C. Halifax Town"
"Adam Smith (footballer, born February 1985) is affiliated to Gainsborough Trinity F.C."
"Adam Smith (footballer, born February 1985) is affiliated to Mansfield Town F.C."
"Adam Smith (footballer, born February 1985) is affiliated to York City F.C."
"Adam Smith (footballer, born February 1985) is affiliated to Lincoln City F.C."
"Adam Smith (footballer, born February 1985) is affiliated to Aldershot Town F.C."
"Adam Smith (footballer, born February 1985) is affiliated to Chesterfield F.C."
"Adam Smith (footballer, born February 1985) is affiliated to Huddersfield Town F.C."
"Adam Smith (footballer, born February 1985) is affiliated to Grimsby Town F.C."
"Adam Smith (footballer, born February 1985) is affiliated to Rotherham United F.C."
Pedro León plays for Real Murcia Imperial
Pedro León plays for Levante UD
Pedro León plays for Real Valladolid
Pedro León plays for Real Murcia
Pedro León plays for Getafe CF
Pedro León plays for Real Madrid C.F.
Pedro León plays for Spain national under-21 football team
Pedro León plays for Real Valladolid C.F.
Pedro León plays for Levante U.D.
Pedro León plays for Real Murcia C.F.
Serge Djiehoua plays for Stella Club d'Adjamé
Serge Djiehoua plays for Glyfada F.C.
Serge Djiehoua plays for Antalyaspor
Serge Djiehoua plays for Sriwijaya F.C.
Serge Djiehoua plays for Gabala FK
Serge Djiehoua plays for Boluspor
Serge Djiehoua plays for Kaizer Chiefs F.C.
Serge Djiehoua plays for fr/Union sportive monastirienne (football)
Serge Djiehoua plays for Medical Park Antalyaspor
Serge Djiehoua plays for Thanda Royal Zulu F.C.
Poli Garcia is affiliated to California Sunshine
Poli Garcia is affiliated to Los Angeles Lazers
Poli Garcia is affiliated to St. Louis Steamers (1979–88)
Poli Garcia is affiliated to Cleveland Force (1978–88)
Poli Garcia is affiliated to Los Angeles Aztecs
Poli Garcia is affiliated to Jacksonville Tea Men
Poli Garcia is affiliated to United States men's national soccer team
Poli Garcia is affiliated to San Diego Sockers (1978–96)
Poli Garcia is affiliated to New York Cosmos
Poli Garcia is affiliated to San Jose Earthquakes (1974–88)
Henri Hiltl plays for Wiener AC
Henri Hiltl plays for CO Roubaix-Tourcoing
Henri Hiltl plays for Excelsior AC Roubaix
Henri Hiltl plays for Racing Club de France football Colombes 92
Henri Hiltl plays for Austria national football team
Henri Hiltl plays for France national football team
Henri Hiltl plays for Red Star F.C.
Henri Hiltl plays for FK Austria Wien
Henri Hiltl plays for Stade Français Paris (football)
Henri Hiltl plays for SK Rapid Wien
Leslie Lamport was born in New York City
Leslie Lamport was born in Chicago
Leslie Lamport was born in London
Leslie Lamport was born in Boston
Leslie Lamport was born in Pittsburgh
Leslie Lamport was born in Philadelphia
"Leslie Lamport was born in Washington, D.C."
Leslie Lamport was born in San Francisco
Leslie Lamport was born in Los Angeles
Leslie Lamport was born in Milwaukee
Igor Lolo is affiliated to ASEC Mimosas
Igor Lolo is affiliated to Ivory Coast national football team
Igor Lolo is affiliated to Académie de Sol Beni
Igor Lolo is affiliated to K.S.K. Beveren
Igor Lolo is affiliated to FC Metalurh Donetsk
Igor Lolo is affiliated to Côte d'Ivoire national football team
Igor Lolo is affiliated to Beerschot AC
Igor Lolo is affiliated to AS Monaco FC
Igor Lolo is affiliated to K.R.C. Genk
Igor Lolo is affiliated to FC Kuban Krasnodar
Jean-Eudes Maurice plays for UJA Maccabi Paris Métropole
Jean-Eudes Maurice plays for Haiti national football team
Jean-Eudes Maurice plays for Paris Saint-Germain F.C.
Jean-Eudes Maurice plays for Le Mans FC
Jean-Eudes Maurice plays for Le Mans U.C. 72
Jean-Eudes Maurice plays for RC Lens
Jean-Eudes Maurice plays for R.C. Lens
Jean-Eudes Maurice plays for Red Star F.C.
Jean-Eudes Maurice plays for Paris FC
Jean-Eudes Maurice plays for France national under-21 football team
Loris Reina is affiliated to K.V. Kortrijk
Loris Reina is affiliated to S.V. Zulte Waregem
Loris Reina is affiliated to Olympique de Marseille
Loris Reina is affiliated to Servette FC
Loris Reina is affiliated to AS Nancy
Loris Reina is affiliated to R. Charleroi S.C.
Loris Reina is affiliated to A.S. Nancy-Lorraine
Loris Reina is affiliated to Standard Liège
Loris Reina is affiliated to K.A.A. Gent
Loris Reina is affiliated to R.A.E.C. Mons
Mattias Andersson (footballer) is affiliated to Raufoss IL
Mattias Andersson (footballer) is affiliated to Västra Frölunda IF
Mattias Andersson (footballer) is affiliated to Fredrikstad FK
Mattias Andersson (footballer) is affiliated to Odds BK
Mattias Andersson (footballer) is affiliated to Mjällby AIF
Mattias Andersson (footballer) is affiliated to Strømsgodset IF
Mattias Andersson (footballer) is affiliated to BK Häcken
Mattias Andersson (footballer) is affiliated to Norway national football team
Mattias Andersson (footballer) is affiliated to Moss FK
Mattias Andersson (footballer) is affiliated to Tromsø IL
Tetsuya Asano is affiliated to Kawasaki Frontale
Tetsuya Asano is affiliated to Urawa Red Diamonds
Tetsuya Asano is affiliated to F.C. Tokyo
Tetsuya Asano is affiliated to Japan national football team
Tetsuya Asano is affiliated to Nagoya Grampus
Tetsuya Asano is affiliated to Tokyo Verdy
Tetsuya Asano is affiliated to Japan national under-20 football team
Tetsuya Asano is affiliated to Consadole Sapporo
Tetsuya Asano is affiliated to Japan national under-23 football team
Tetsuya Asano is affiliated to Sanfrecce Hiroshima
Joseph Bologna directed Love Is All There Is
Joseph Bologna directed Boynton Beach Club
Joseph Bologna directed Baby Huey's Great Easter Adventure
Joseph Bologna directed Transylvania 6-5000 (1985 film)
Joseph Bologna directed Sins (TV miniseries)
Joseph Bologna directed Joseph Bologna
Joseph Bologna directed White Palace (film)
Joseph Bologna directed Just a Gigolo (1978 film)
Joseph Bologna directed High Anxiety
Joseph Bologna directed The Longest Day (film)
Nerijus Barasa is affiliated to FBK Kaunas
Nerijus Barasa is affiliated to FK Atlantas
Nerijus Barasa is affiliated to FK Kareda Kaunas
Nerijus Barasa is affiliated to FC Krylia Sovetov Samara
Nerijus Barasa is affiliated to FK Liepājas Metalurgs
Nerijus Barasa is affiliated to FC Lada-Togliatti Togliatti
Nerijus Barasa is affiliated to Heart of Midlothian F.C.
Nerijus Barasa is affiliated to FC Alania Vladikavkaz
Nerijus Barasa is affiliated to Lithuania national football team
Nerijus Barasa is affiliated to FK Inkaras Kaunas
Billy Davies is affiliated to Motherwell F.C.
Billy Davies is affiliated to Dunfermline Athletic F.C.
Billy Davies is affiliated to St. Mirren F.C.
Billy Davies is affiliated to Leicester City F.C.
Billy Davies is affiliated to IF Elfsborg
Billy Davies is affiliated to Manchester United F.C.
Billy Davies is affiliated to Rangers F.C.
Billy Davies is affiliated to Derby County F.C.
Billy Davies is affiliated to Preston North End F.C.
Billy Davies is affiliated to Nottingham Forest F.C.
Ivan Starkov plays for FC Titan Klin
Ivan Starkov plays for FC Dynamo Barnaul
Ivan Starkov plays for FC Baikal Irkutsk
Ivan Starkov plays for FC Khimki
Ivan Starkov plays for FC Neftekhimik Nizhnekamsk
Ivan Starkov plays for FC Amkar Perm
Ivan Starkov plays for FC Lokomotiv Moscow
Ivan Starkov plays for FC Rostov
Ivan Starkov plays for FC SKA-Energiya Khabarovsk
Ivan Starkov plays for FC Dynamo Bryansk
Gary Roberts (footballer born 1987) is affiliated to Crewe Alexandra F.C. Academy
Gary Roberts (footballer born 1987) is affiliated to England national under-16 football team
Gary Roberts (footballer born 1987) is affiliated to England national under-17 football team
Gary Roberts (footballer born 1987) is affiliated to England national under-18 football team
Gary Roberts (footballer born 1987) is affiliated to Gap Connah's Quay F.C.
Gary Roberts (footballer born 1987) is affiliated to Port Vale F.C.
Gary Roberts (footballer born 1987) is affiliated to Crewe Alexandra F.C.
Gary Roberts (footballer born 1987) is affiliated to Floriana F.C.
Gary Roberts (footballer born 1987) is affiliated to Yeovil Town F.C.
Gary Roberts (footballer born 1987) is affiliated to Mansfield Town F.C.
Ismail Kadare has won prize Prix Médicis
Ismail Kadare has won prize Nobel Prize in Literature
Ismail Kadare has won prize Austrian State Prize for European Literature
Ismail Kadare has won prize National Book Award
Ismail Kadare has won prize Prix mondial Cino Del Duca
Ismail Kadare has won prize Pulitzer Prize
Ismail Kadare has won prize Pulitzer Prize for Fiction
Ismail Kadare has won prize Golden Globe Award
Ismail Kadare has won prize Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
Ismail Kadare has won prize Legion of Honour
Penarth is located in Glamorgan
Penarth is located in South Wales
Penarth is located in Vale of Glamorgan
Penarth is located in United Kingdom
Penarth is located in Wales
Penarth is located in England
Penarth is located in CF postcode area
Penarth is located in United States
Penarth is located in France
Penarth is located in Scotland
Ziad Tlemçani is affiliated to Tunisia national football team
Ziad Tlemçani is affiliated to Espérance de Tunis
Ziad Tlemçani is affiliated to Vissel Kobe
Ziad Tlemçani is affiliated to Vitória S.C.
Ziad Tlemçani is affiliated to Étoile du Sahel
Ziad Tlemçani is affiliated to Club Africain
Ziad Tlemçani is affiliated to fr/Équipe de Tunisie olympique de football
Ziad Tlemçani is affiliated to CS Hammam-Lif
Ziad Tlemçani is affiliated to Stade Tunisien
Ziad Tlemçani is affiliated to Associação Académica de Coimbra – O.A.F.
Andy Rhodes is affiliated to Doncaster Rovers F.C.
Andy Rhodes is affiliated to Barnsley F.C.
Andy Rhodes is affiliated to Scarborough F.C.
Andy Rhodes is affiliated to Norwich City F.C.
Andy Rhodes is affiliated to Dunfermline Athletic F.C.
Andy Rhodes is affiliated to St. Johnstone F.C.
Andy Rhodes is affiliated to Airdrieonians F.C. (1878)
Andy Rhodes is affiliated to Bolton Wanderers F.C.
Andy Rhodes is affiliated to Ipswich Town F.C.
Andy Rhodes is affiliated to Oldham Athletic A.F.C.
Gheorghe Asachi is citizen of Moldavia
Gheorghe Asachi is citizen of Wallachia
Gheorghe Asachi is citizen of Romania
Gheorghe Asachi is citizen of Russian Empire
Gheorghe Asachi is citizen of Ottoman Empire
Gheorghe Asachi is citizen of United States
Gheorghe Asachi is citizen of France
Gheorghe Asachi is citizen of Italy
Gheorghe Asachi is citizen of Ukraine
Gheorghe Asachi is citizen of Spain
Domagoj Vida plays for NK Osijek
Domagoj Vida plays for GNK Dinamo Zagreb
Domagoj Vida plays for Bayer 04 Leverkusen
Domagoj Vida plays for FC Dynamo Kyiv
Domagoj Vida plays for Croatia national football team
Domagoj Vida plays for Croatia national under-21 football team
Domagoj Vida plays for Croatia national under-19 football team
Domagoj Vida plays for N.K. Dinamo Zagreb
Domagoj Vida plays for F.C. Dynamo Kyiv
Domagoj Vida plays for Croatia national under-17 football team
Volodymyr Bidlovskyi is affiliated to FC Karpaty-2 Lviv
Volodymyr Bidlovskyi is affiliated to Ukraine national under-19 football team
Volodymyr Bidlovskyi is affiliated to Ukraine national under-18 football team
Volodymyr Bidlovskyi is affiliated to Ukraine national under-21 football team
Volodymyr Bidlovskyi is affiliated to PFC Oleksandriya
Volodymyr Bidlovskyi is affiliated to FC Karpaty Lviv
Volodymyr Bidlovskyi is affiliated to FC Krymteplytsia Molodizhne
Volodymyr Bidlovskyi is affiliated to Ukraine national under-17 football team
Volodymyr Bidlovskyi is affiliated to Ukraine national under-16 football team
Volodymyr Bidlovskyi is affiliated to FC Nyva Ternopil
Marco Haber plays for FSV Oggersheim
Marco Haber plays for AC Omonia
Marco Haber plays for VfB Stuttgart
Marco Haber plays for F.C. Hansa Rostock
Marco Haber plays for UD Las Palmas
Marco Haber plays for Anorthosis Famagusta FC
Marco Haber plays for SpVgg Unterhaching
Marco Haber plays for Nea Salamis Famagusta FC
Marco Haber plays for Germany national under-21 football team
Marco Haber plays for 1. FC Kaiserslautern
Perry Kitchen plays for United States men's national under-20 soccer team
Perry Kitchen plays for Akron Zips men's soccer
Perry Kitchen plays for D.C. United
Perry Kitchen plays for United States men's national under-17 soccer team
Perry Kitchen plays for Chicago Fire Premier
Perry Kitchen plays for United States men's national under-23 soccer team
Perry Kitchen plays for University of Akron
Perry Kitchen plays for United States men's national soccer team
Perry Kitchen plays for Cleveland Internationals
Perry Kitchen plays for United States national soccer team
Oleksandr Shovkovskiy plays for FC Dynamo-2 Kyiv
Oleksandr Shovkovskiy plays for Ukraine national football team
Oleksandr Shovkovskiy plays for FC Dynamo-3 Kyiv
Oleksandr Shovkovskiy plays for FC CSKA Kyiv
Oleksandr Shovkovskiy plays for FC Dynamo Kyiv
Oleksandr Shovkovskiy plays for Ukraine national under-21 football team
Oleksandr Shovkovskiy plays for F.C. Dynamo Kyiv
Oleksandr Shovkovskiy plays for FC Arsenal Kyiv
Oleksandr Shovkovskiy plays for FC Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk
Oleksandr Shovkovskiy plays for FC Chornomorets Odesa
"John W. Vogt, Jr. died in Elizabeth, New Jersey"
"John W. Vogt, Jr. died in Alexandria, Virginia"
"John W. Vogt, Jr. died in Los Angeles"
"John W. Vogt, Jr. died in Washington, D.C."
"John W. Vogt, Jr. died in New York City"
"John W. Vogt, Jr. died in Fort Walton Beach, Florida"
"John W. Vogt, Jr. died in Melbourne, Florida"
"John W. Vogt, Jr. died in Bethesda"
"John W. Vogt, Jr. died in Burbank, California"
"John W. Vogt, Jr. died in Jupiter, Florida"
Taku Harada has gender male
Taku Harada has gender female
Taku Harada has gender United Kingdom
Taku Harada has gender Azerbaijan
Taku Harada has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Taku Harada has gender Hong Kong
Taku Harada has gender France
Taku Harada has gender Africa
Taku Harada has gender César Award
Taku Harada has gender Germany
Dave Simpson (soccer) plays for Mississauga Eagles FC
Dave Simpson (soccer) plays for Hamilton Thunder
Dave Simpson (soccer) plays for Integrál-DAC
Dave Simpson (soccer) plays for Brantford Galaxy
Dave Simpson (soccer) plays for Canada men's national soccer team
Dave Simpson (soccer) plays for Toronto Lynx
Dave Simpson (soccer) plays for Canada men's national under-20 soccer team
Dave Simpson (soccer) plays for Dunaújváros FC
Dave Simpson (soccer) plays for SK Kladno
Dave Simpson (soccer) plays for Canada national soccer team
Geoffrey Verweij is affiliated to FC Chabab
Geoffrey Verweij is affiliated to HFC Haarlem
Geoffrey Verweij is affiliated to FC Emmen
Geoffrey Verweij is affiliated to Sparta Rotterdam
Geoffrey Verweij is affiliated to IJsselmeervogels
Geoffrey Verweij is affiliated to FC Volendam
Geoffrey Verweij is affiliated to Almere City FC
Geoffrey Verweij is affiliated to FC Groningen
Geoffrey Verweij is affiliated to A.F.C. Ajax
Geoffrey Verweij is affiliated to FC Utrecht
Joseba del Olmo plays for Barakaldo CF
Joseba del Olmo plays for CD Laudio
Joseba del Olmo plays for SD Lemona
Joseba del Olmo plays for Sestao River Club
Joseba del Olmo plays for SD Eibar
Joseba del Olmo plays for Athletic Bilbao
Joseba del Olmo plays for SD Ponferradina
Joseba del Olmo plays for Hércules CF
Joseba del Olmo plays for Arenas Club de Getxo
Joseba del Olmo plays for Athletic Bilbao B
Oahu is located in Hawaii
Oahu is located in Pacific Ocean
Oahu is located in Oahu
Oahu is located in Oceania
Oahu is located in United States
"Oahu is located in Honolulu County, Hawaii"
Oahu is located in Western United States
Oahu is located in Philippine Sea
Oahu is located in Asia
Oahu is located in Marshall Islands
Miroslav Sovič plays for FC Lokomotíva Košice
Miroslav Sovič plays for MFK Košice
Miroslav Sovič plays for FC Nitra
Miroslav Sovič plays for FK Dukla Banská Bystrica
Miroslav Sovič plays for Slovakia national football team
Miroslav Sovič plays for FK Baumit Jablonec
Miroslav Sovič plays for FK Viktoria Žižkov
Miroslav Sovič plays for Al Shabab Al Arabi Club
Miroslav Sovič plays for AC Sparta Prague
Miroslav Sovič plays for Czechoslovakia national football team
Vidar Riseth is affiliated to Rosenborg BK
Vidar Riseth is affiliated to Strømsgodset IF
Vidar Riseth is affiliated to Kongsvinger IL Toppfotball
Vidar Riseth is affiliated to Norway national football team
Vidar Riseth is affiliated to L.A.S.K. Linz
Vidar Riseth is affiliated to LASK Linz
Vidar Riseth is affiliated to Lillestrøm SK
Vidar Riseth is affiliated to TSV 1860 München
Vidar Riseth is affiliated to Celtic F.C.
Vidar Riseth is affiliated to Luton Town F.C.
Gmina Wizna is located in Łomża County
Gmina Wizna is located in United States
Gmina Wizna is located in Podlaskie Voivodeship
Gmina Wizna is located in Poland
Gmina Wizna is located in India
Gmina Wizna is located in Masovian Voivodeship
Gmina Wizna is located in Japan
Gmina Wizna is located in China
Gmina Wizna is located in Podkarpackie Voivodeship
Gmina Wizna is located in United Kingdom
Hugo Veloso Oliveira Silva is affiliated to Esporte Clube Democrata
Hugo Veloso Oliveira Silva is affiliated to Uberlândia Esporte Clube
Hugo Veloso Oliveira Silva is affiliated to América Futebol Clube (MG)
Hugo Veloso Oliveira Silva is affiliated to Uberaba Sport Club
Hugo Veloso Oliveira Silva is affiliated to Betim Esporte Clube
Hugo Veloso Oliveira Silva is affiliated to Toledo Colônia Work
Hugo Veloso Oliveira Silva is affiliated to Associação Desportiva Cabofriense
Hugo Veloso Oliveira Silva is affiliated to Centro Sportivo Alagoano
Hugo Veloso Oliveira Silva is affiliated to Cruzeiro Esporte Clube
Hugo Veloso Oliveira Silva is affiliated to Tupi Football Club
John Inglis (footballer) plays for East Fife F.C.
John Inglis (footballer) plays for Raith Rovers F.C.
John Inglis (footballer) plays for Brechin City F.C.
John Inglis (footballer) plays for Aberdeen F.C.
John Inglis (footballer) plays for PFC Botev Plovdiv
John Inglis (footballer) plays for PFC Levski Sofia
John Inglis (footballer) plays for Carlisle United F.C.
John Inglis (footballer) plays for St. Johnstone F.C.
John Inglis (footballer) plays for Dundee F.C.
John Inglis (footballer) plays for Dundee United F.C.
Paul McCartney has musical role wordnet keyboard 103614007
Paul McCartney has musical role wordnet vocal music 107282006
Paul McCartney has musical role wordnet drum 103249569
Paul McCartney has musical role wordnet guitar 103467517
Paul McCartney has musical role wordnet piano 103928116
Paul McCartney has musical role wordnet harmonica 103494278
Paul McCartney has musical role wordnet bass 104986796
Paul McCartney has musical role wordnet percussion 100545059
Paul McCartney has musical role wordnet bass guitar 102804123
Paul McCartney has musical role wordnet synthesist 110687231
Buddy Farah is affiliated to Bankstown City FC
Buddy Farah is affiliated to APIA Leichhardt Tigers FC
Buddy Farah is affiliated to South Coast Wolves FC
Buddy Farah is affiliated to Marconi Stallions FC
Buddy Farah is affiliated to Keflavík Football Club
Buddy Farah is affiliated to Selangor FA
Buddy Farah is affiliated to Lebanon national football team
Buddy Farah is affiliated to Nejmeh SC
Buddy Farah is affiliated to Australia national under-23 association football team
Buddy Farah is affiliated to Australia national association football team
Albert Flewitt plays for Bristol City F.C.
Albert Flewitt plays for Everton F.C.
Albert Flewitt plays for Lincoln City F.C.
Albert Flewitt plays for West Bromwich Albion F.C.
Albert Flewitt plays for Notts County F.C.
Albert Flewitt plays for England national football team
Albert Flewitt plays for Nottingham Forest F.C.
Albert Flewitt plays for Birmingham City F.C.
Albert Flewitt plays for Huddersfield Town F.C.
Albert Flewitt plays for Aston Villa F.C.
Sergey Timofeev plays for FC Ekibastuzets
Sergey Timofeev plays for Kazakhstan national football team
Sergey Timofeev plays for FC Irtysh Pavlodar
Sergey Timofeev plays for FC Kairat
Sergey Timofeev plays for FC Lokomotiv Nizhny Novgorod
Sergey Timofeev plays for FC Sokol Saratov
Sergey Timofeev plays for FC Nyva Ternopil
Sergey Timofeev plays for FC Alania Vladikavkaz
Sergey Timofeev plays for FC Kyzylzhar
Sergey Timofeev plays for FC Sakhalin Yuzhno-Sakhalinsk
Morten Berre is affiliated to Skeid Fotball
Morten Berre is affiliated to FK Haugesund
Morten Berre is affiliated to Norway national football team
Morten Berre is affiliated to Viking FK
Morten Berre is affiliated to Vålerenga Fotball
Morten Berre is affiliated to FC St. Pauli
Morten Berre is affiliated to Norway national under-21 football team
Morten Berre is affiliated to Rosenborg BK
Morten Berre is affiliated to IK Start
Morten Berre is affiliated to Lillestrøm SK
Don Donovan is affiliated to Boston United F.C.
Don Donovan is affiliated to Grimsby Town F.C.
Don Donovan is affiliated to Everton F.C.
Don Donovan is affiliated to Republic of Ireland national football team
Don Donovan is affiliated to Republic of Ireland national under-21 football team
Don Donovan is affiliated to Sheffield United F.C.
Don Donovan is affiliated to Huddersfield Town F.C.
Don Donovan is affiliated to Hull City A.F.C.
Don Donovan is affiliated to Birmingham City F.C.
Don Donovan is affiliated to Blackburn Rovers F.C.
Joeri Dequevy plays for K.S.V. Roeselare
Joeri Dequevy plays for Belgium national under-21 football team
Joeri Dequevy plays for R.S.C. Anderlecht
Joeri Dequevy plays for K. Sint-Truidense V.V.
Joeri Dequevy plays for Lierse S.K.
Joeri Dequevy plays for Belgium national football team
Joeri Dequevy plays for Belgium national under-19 football team
Joeri Dequevy plays for Standard Liège
Joeri Dequevy plays for K.A.A. Gent
Joeri Dequevy plays for K.V.C. Westerlo
Rabah Madjer is affiliated to NA Hussein Dey
Rabah Madjer is affiliated to Qatar SC
Rabah Madjer is affiliated to Racing Club de France football Colombes 92
Rabah Madjer is affiliated to Tours FC
Rabah Madjer is affiliated to Algeria national football team
Rabah Madjer is affiliated to Valencia CF
Rabah Madjer is affiliated to F.C. Porto
Rabah Madjer is affiliated to Al-Wakrah Sport Club
Rabah Madjer is affiliated to Tours F.C.
Rabah Madjer is affiliated to Valencia C.F.
Francisco Javier Torres is affiliated to Club Santos Laguna
Francisco Javier Torres is affiliated to Mexico national under-20 football team
Francisco Javier Torres is affiliated to Santos Laguna
Francisco Javier Torres is affiliated to Club Atlas
Francisco Javier Torres is affiliated to Mexico national football team
Francisco Javier Torres is affiliated to Club América
Francisco Javier Torres is affiliated to Puebla F.C.
Francisco Javier Torres is affiliated to Chiapas F.C.
Francisco Javier Torres is affiliated to Monarcas Morelia
Francisco Javier Torres is affiliated to C.F. Pachuca
Liam Dolman is affiliated to Banbury United F.C.
Liam Dolman is affiliated to Daventry Town F.C.
Liam Dolman is affiliated to Corby Town F.C.
Liam Dolman is affiliated to Kettering Town F.C.
Liam Dolman is affiliated to Northampton Town F.C.
Liam Dolman is affiliated to Kidderminster Harriers F.C.
Liam Dolman is affiliated to Aylesbury United F.C.
Liam Dolman is affiliated to Brackley Town F.C.
Liam Dolman is affiliated to Halesowen Town F.C.
Liam Dolman is affiliated to Lincoln City F.C.
Antonis Katsis is affiliated to Cyprus national under-21 football team
Antonis Katsis is affiliated to Cyprus national football team
Antonis Katsis is affiliated to Ermis Aradippou
Antonis Katsis is affiliated to Ethnikos Achna FC
Antonis Katsis is affiliated to Ayia Napa F.C.
Antonis Katsis is affiliated to Alki Larnaca F.C.
Antonis Katsis is affiliated to AEK Larnaca F.C.
Antonis Katsis is affiliated to AC Omonia
Antonis Katsis is affiliated to Enosis Neon Paralimni FC
Antonis Katsis is affiliated to Anorthosis Famagusta FC
"Lake Grace, Western Australia is located in Wagin, Western Australia"
"Lake Grace, Western Australia is located in Perth"
"Lake Grace, Western Australia is located in Western Australia"
"Lake Grace, Western Australia is located in Katanning, Western Australia"
"Lake Grace, Western Australia is located in Lake Grace, Western Australia"
"Lake Grace, Western Australia is located in United States"
"Lake Grace, Western Australia is located in Narrogin, Western Australia"
"Lake Grace, Western Australia is located in Kalgoorlie"
"Lake Grace, Western Australia is located in Australia"
"Lake Grace, Western Australia is located in Melbourne"
Logan Tom is affiliated to Asystel Novara
Logan Tom is affiliated to United States women's national volleyball team
Logan Tom is affiliated to Fenerbahçe Women's Volleyball
Logan Tom is affiliated to Guangdong Evergrande Women's Volleyball Club
Logan Tom is affiliated to Minas Tênis Clube (women's volleyball)
Logan Tom is affiliated to Voléro Zürich
Logan Tom is affiliated to WVC Dynamo Moscow
Logan Tom is affiliated to Rio de Janeiro Vôlei Clube
Logan Tom is affiliated to Hisamitsu Springs
Logan Tom is affiliated to CV Tenerife
Adem Dursun plays for Turkey national under-17 football team
Adem Dursun plays for Gençlerbirliği S.K.
Adem Dursun plays for MKE Ankaragücü
Adem Dursun plays for Kayseri Erciyesspor
Adem Dursun plays for Gaziantepspor
Adem Dursun plays for Beşiktaş J.K.
Adem Dursun plays for Turkey national under-19 football team
Adem Dursun plays for Turkey national under-21 football team
Adem Dursun plays for Turkey national football B team
Adem Dursun plays for Boluspor
Craig McEwan (footballer) has gender male
Craig McEwan (footballer) has gender female
Craig McEwan (footballer) has gender César Award
Craig McEwan (footballer) has gender Golden Globe Award
Craig McEwan (footballer) has gender Bulgaria
Craig McEwan (footballer) has gender Azerbaijan
Craig McEwan (footballer) has gender United Kingdom
Craig McEwan (footballer) has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Craig McEwan (footballer) has gender Turkey
Craig McEwan (footballer) has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Gower Champion has gender female
Gower Champion has gender male
Gower Champion has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Gower Champion has gender Turkey
Gower Champion has gender United Kingdom
Gower Champion has gender London Heathrow Terminal 3
Gower Champion has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Gower Champion has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Gower Champion has gender Tomsk
Gower Champion has gender London Heathrow Terminal 1
Andrzej Juskowiak plays for Poland national football team
Andrzej Juskowiak plays for VfL Wolfsburg
Andrzej Juskowiak plays for FC Energie Cottbus
Andrzej Juskowiak plays for FC Erzgebirge Aue
Andrzej Juskowiak plays for Lech Poznań
Andrzej Juskowiak plays for Borussia Mönchengladbach
Andrzej Juskowiak plays for Olympiacos F.C.
Andrzej Juskowiak plays for nl/Kania Gostyń
Andrzej Juskowiak plays for New York Red Bulls
Andrzej Juskowiak plays for Sporting Clube de Portugal
Larbi Benbarek is affiliated to USM Bel-Abbès
Larbi Benbarek is affiliated to Stade Français Paris (football)
Larbi Benbarek is affiliated to Atlético Madrid
Larbi Benbarek is affiliated to Club Atlético de Madrid
Larbi Benbarek is affiliated to Olympique de Marseille
Larbi Benbarek is affiliated to France national football team
Larbi Benbarek is affiliated to Morocco national football team
Larbi Benbarek is affiliated to Raja Casablanca
Larbi Benbarek is affiliated to Racing Club de France football Colombes 92
Larbi Benbarek is affiliated to Paris Saint-Germain F.C.
Almiro Lobo plays for Liga Muçulmana de Maputo
Almiro Lobo plays for Platinum Stars F.C.
Almiro Lobo plays for C.D. Maxaquene
Almiro Lobo plays for Dunaújváros FC
Almiro Lobo plays for Mozambique national football team
Almiro Lobo plays for Bidvest Wits F.C.
Almiro Lobo plays for Budapest Honvéd FC
Almiro Lobo plays for Desportivo Maputo
Almiro Lobo plays for CD Costa do Sol
Almiro Lobo plays for SuperSport United F.C.
Robbie Herrera plays for Torrington F.C.
Robbie Herrera plays for Bideford A.F.C.
Robbie Herrera plays for Taunton Town F.C.
Robbie Herrera plays for Torquay United F.C.
Robbie Herrera plays for Leyton Orient F.C.
Robbie Herrera plays for Grays Athletic F.C.
Robbie Herrera plays for Queens Park Rangers F.C.
Robbie Herrera plays for Fulham F.C.
Robbie Herrera plays for Merthyr Tydfil F.C.
Robbie Herrera plays for Exeter City F.C.
Richmal Crompton has gender male
Richmal Crompton has gender female
Richmal Crompton has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Richmal Crompton has gender United Kingdom
Richmal Crompton has gender Azerbaijan
Richmal Crompton has gender César Award
Richmal Crompton has gender Golden Globe Award
Richmal Crompton has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Richmal Crompton has gender Turkey
Richmal Crompton has gender Bulgaria
Stefano Argilli plays for A.C. Rimini 1912
Stefano Argilli plays for U.S. Cremonese
Stefano Argilli plays for A.S. Livorno Calcio
Stefano Argilli plays for Modena F.C.
Stefano Argilli plays for A.C. Siena
Stefano Argilli plays for Frosinone Calcio
Stefano Argilli plays for Parma F.C.
Stefano Argilli plays for A.C. Chievo Verona
Stefano Argilli plays for Bologna F.C. 1909
Stefano Argilli plays for A.C. Cesena
Marco Amelia has gender male
Marco Amelia has gender female
Marco Amelia has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Marco Amelia has gender United Arab Emirates
Marco Amelia has gender United Kingdom
Marco Amelia has gender United States
Marco Amelia has gender Tomsk
Marco Amelia has gender Africa
Marco Amelia has gender Hong Kong
Marco Amelia has gender Germany
Kristi Vangjeli plays for Aris F.C. (Thessaloniki)
Kristi Vangjeli plays for Albania national football team
Kristi Vangjeli plays for FC Chornomorets Odesa
Kristi Vangjeli plays for KF Skënderbeu Korçë
Kristi Vangjeli plays for Aris Thessaloniki F.C.
Kristi Vangjeli plays for KF Tirana
Kristi Vangjeli plays for Partizani Tirana
Kristi Vangjeli plays for KS Dinamo Tirana
Kristi Vangjeli plays for Albania national under-21 football team
Kristi Vangjeli plays for KF Teuta Durrës
Elizabeth Hartman has gender female
Elizabeth Hartman has gender male
Elizabeth Hartman has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Elizabeth Hartman has gender Turkey
Elizabeth Hartman has gender United Kingdom
Elizabeth Hartman has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Elizabeth Hartman has gender London Heathrow Terminal 3
Elizabeth Hartman has gender United States
Elizabeth Hartman has gender Africa
Elizabeth Hartman has gender Baku
Josh Magennis is affiliated to Northern Ireland national under-21 football team
Josh Magennis is affiliated to Lisburn Distillery F.C.
Josh Magennis is affiliated to Glentoran F.C.
Josh Magennis is affiliated to Northern Ireland national football team
Josh Magennis is affiliated to Aberdeen F.C.
Josh Magennis is affiliated to St. Mirren F.C.
Josh Magennis is affiliated to Cardiff City F.C.
Josh Magennis is affiliated to Grimsby Town F.C.
Josh Magennis is affiliated to Northern Ireland national football B team
Josh Magennis is affiliated to Linfield F.C.
Everton Giovanella is affiliated to Coruxo FC
Everton Giovanella is affiliated to F.C. Tirsense
Everton Giovanella is affiliated to UD Salamanca
Everton Giovanella is affiliated to C.F. Os Belenenses
Everton Giovanella is affiliated to G.D. Estoril Praia
Everton Giovanella is affiliated to Celta de Vigo
Everton Giovanella is affiliated to Sport Club Internacional
Everton Giovanella is affiliated to Clube Esportivo Lajeadense
Everton Giovanella is affiliated to R.C. Celta de Vigo
Everton Giovanella is affiliated to S.L. Benfica
Matt Kmosko is affiliated to New York Centaurs
Matt Kmosko is affiliated to Cincinnati Silverbacks
Matt Kmosko is affiliated to Miami Fusion
Matt Kmosko is affiliated to Columbus Crew
Matt Kmosko is affiliated to Colorado Rapids
Matt Kmosko is affiliated to United States men's national soccer team
Matt Kmosko is affiliated to Hartwick College
Matt Kmosko is affiliated to Miami Fusion F.C.
Matt Kmosko is affiliated to New England Revolution
Matt Kmosko is affiliated to United States national soccer team
Carl Emberson plays for Sutton United F.C.
Carl Emberson plays for Southend United F.C.
Carl Emberson plays for Grays Athletic F.C.
Carl Emberson plays for Millwall F.C.
Carl Emberson plays for Colchester United F.C.
Carl Emberson plays for Walsall F.C.
Carl Emberson plays for Luton Town F.C.
Carl Emberson plays for Leyton Orient F.C.
Carl Emberson plays for Brentford F.C.
Carl Emberson plays for Gillingham F.C.
Daniel Ellensohn plays for Kiwi F.C.
Daniel Ellensohn plays for Team Wellington
Daniel Ellensohn plays for Waitakere United
Daniel Ellensohn plays for FC Lustenau 07
Daniel Ellensohn plays for New Zealand national under-23 football team
Daniel Ellensohn plays for New Zealand national football team
Daniel Ellensohn plays for Macarthur Rams FC
Daniel Ellensohn plays for New Zealand national under-20 football team
Daniel Ellensohn plays for New Zealand national under-17 football team
Daniel Ellensohn plays for Miramar Rangers
Riccardo Fissore is affiliated to Atalanta B.C.
Riccardo Fissore is affiliated to A.C. Pavia
Riccardo Fissore is affiliated to Mantova F.C.
Riccardo Fissore is affiliated to U.S. Lecce
Riccardo Fissore is affiliated to Vicenza Calcio
Riccardo Fissore is affiliated to Italy national under-21 football team
Riccardo Fissore is affiliated to S.S. Juve Stabia
Riccardo Fissore is affiliated to Spezia Calcio
Riccardo Fissore is affiliated to Torino F.C.
Riccardo Fissore is affiliated to Inter Milan
Zaandam is located in Zaanstad
Zaandam is located in United States
Zaandam is located in Amsterdam
Zaandam is located in India
Zaandam is located in Netherlands
Zaandam is located in Poland
Zaandam is located in Japan
Zaandam is located in France
Zaandam is located in California
Zaandam is located in United Kingdom
Juan Carlos Sarnari is affiliated to Club Atlético Huracán
Juan Carlos Sarnari is affiliated to Independiente Santa Fe
Juan Carlos Sarnari is affiliated to Club Deportivo Universidad Católica
Juan Carlos Sarnari is affiliated to Argentina national football team
Juan Carlos Sarnari is affiliated to C.A. Huracán
Juan Carlos Sarnari is affiliated to Independiente Medellín
Juan Carlos Sarnari is affiliated to Club Universidad de Chile
Juan Carlos Sarnari is affiliated to C.A. River Plate
Juan Carlos Sarnari is affiliated to Club Atlético River Plate
Juan Carlos Sarnari is affiliated to Boca Juniors
Sebino Plaku plays for KS Kastrioti
Sebino Plaku plays for Flamurtari Vlorë
Sebino Plaku plays for Apolonia Fier
Sebino Plaku plays for Partizani Tirana
Sebino Plaku plays for KF Skënderbeu Korçë
Sebino Plaku plays for KF Tirana
Sebino Plaku plays for Besëlidhja Lezhë
Sebino Plaku plays for KS Dinamo Tirana
Sebino Plaku plays for KF Laçi
Sebino Plaku plays for HamKam
Kevin McKinlay is affiliated to Partick Thistle F.C.
Kevin McKinlay is affiliated to Ayr United F.C.
Kevin McKinlay is affiliated to Greenock Morton F.C.
Kevin McKinlay is affiliated to Dundalk F.C.
Kevin McKinlay is affiliated to Stenhousemuir F.C.
Kevin McKinlay is affiliated to Ross County F.C.
Kevin McKinlay is affiliated to Chelsea F.C.
Kevin McKinlay is affiliated to Dundee F.C.
Kevin McKinlay is affiliated to Scotland national under-21 football team
Kevin McKinlay is affiliated to St. Mirren F.C.
Bill McPherson is affiliated to New York Yankees (soccer)
Bill McPherson is affiliated to Beith F.C.
Bill McPherson is affiliated to New Bedford Whalers
Bill McPherson is affiliated to Pawtucket Rangers
Bill McPherson is affiliated to Fall River Marksmen
Bill McPherson is affiliated to Greenock Morton F.C.
Bill McPherson is affiliated to Boston Soccer Club
Bill McPherson is affiliated to Philadelphia Field Club
Bill McPherson is affiliated to Providence F.C.
Bill McPherson is affiliated to Boston Bears (soccer)
Paíto plays for Mozambique national football team
Paíto plays for Sporting Clube de Portugal B
Paíto plays for Sporting Clube de Portugal
Paíto plays for RCD Mallorca
Paíto plays for Vitória S.C.
Paíto plays for S.C. Braga
Paíto plays for Neuchâtel Xamax
Paíto plays for FC Vaslui
Paíto plays for Skoda Xanthi F.C.
Paíto plays for FC Sion
"Indianola, Iowa is located in Iowa"
"Indianola, Iowa is located in United States"
"Indianola, Iowa is located in Warren County, Iowa"
"Indianola, Iowa is located in United Kingdom"
"Indianola, Iowa is located in California"
"Indianola, Iowa is located in Canada"
"Indianola, Iowa is located in Indianola, Iowa"
"Indianola, Iowa is located in Germany"
"Indianola, Iowa is located in India"
"Indianola, Iowa is located in Wisconsin"
Yozhef Betsa died in Moscow
Yozhef Betsa died in Kiev
Yozhef Betsa died in Mukacheve
Yozhef Betsa died in Ivano-Frankivsk
Yozhef Betsa died in Dnipropetrovsk
Yozhef Betsa died in Kharkiv
Yozhef Betsa died in Zaporizhia
Yozhef Betsa died in Rostov-on-Don
Yozhef Betsa died in Yekaterinburg
Yozhef Betsa died in Odessa
Lhoka (Shannan) Prefecture is located in Tibet
Lhoka (Shannan) Prefecture is located in Tibet Autonomous Region
Lhoka (Shannan) Prefecture is located in China
Lhoka (Shannan) Prefecture is located in Lhasa
Lhoka (Shannan) Prefecture is located in Lhoka (Shannan) Prefecture
Lhoka (Shannan) Prefecture is located in Asia
Lhoka (Shannan) Prefecture is located in United States
Lhoka (Shannan) Prefecture is located in Japan
Lhoka (Shannan) Prefecture is located in Gyaca County
Lhoka (Shannan) Prefecture is located in India
Sylvan Ebanks-Blake was born in London
Sylvan Ebanks-Blake was born in Ipswich
Sylvan Ebanks-Blake was born in Manchester
Sylvan Ebanks-Blake was born in Wolverhampton
Sylvan Ebanks-Blake was born in Liverpool
Sylvan Ebanks-Blake was born in Birmingham
Sylvan Ebanks-Blake was born in Romford
Sylvan Ebanks-Blake was born in Watford
Sylvan Ebanks-Blake was born in Salford
Sylvan Ebanks-Blake was born in Cambridge
Harold Hardman is affiliated to Northern Nomads F.C.
Harold Hardman is affiliated to England national amateur football team
Harold Hardman is affiliated to England national football team
Harold Hardman is affiliated to Manchester United F.C.
Harold Hardman is affiliated to Everton F.C.
Harold Hardman is affiliated to Blackpool F.C.
Harold Hardman is affiliated to Stoke City F.C.
Harold Hardman is affiliated to Bradford City A.F.C.
Harold Hardman is affiliated to Manchester City F.C.
Harold Hardman is affiliated to England national under-21 football team
Bruno Lazaroni is affiliated to Bangu Atlético Clube
Bruno Lazaroni is affiliated to Ettifaq FC
Bruno Lazaroni is affiliated to CR Vasco da Gama
Bruno Lazaroni is affiliated to Clube de Regatas do Flamengo
Bruno Lazaroni is affiliated to FC St. Gallen
Bruno Lazaroni is affiliated to Vasco da Gama
Bruno Lazaroni is affiliated to Associação Naval 1º de Maio
Bruno Lazaroni is affiliated to C.R. Vasco da Gama
Bruno Lazaroni is affiliated to Fluminense FC
Bruno Lazaroni is affiliated to Madureira Esporte Clube
Steve Howard plays for Tow Law Town A.F.C.
Steve Howard plays for Hartlepool United F.C.
Steve Howard plays for Scotland national football B team
Steve Howard plays for Sheffield Wednesday F.C.
Steve Howard plays for Leicester City F.C.
Steve Howard plays for Northampton Town F.C.
Steve Howard plays for Luton Town F.C.
Steve Howard plays for Derby County F.C.
Steve Howard plays for Middlesbrough F.C.
Steve Howard plays for Notts County F.C.
"Hampton, Virginia is located in Virginia"
"Hampton, Virginia is located in United States"
"Hampton, Virginia is located in Kreisfreie stadt"
"Hampton, Virginia is located in California"
"Hampton, Virginia is located in France"
"Hampton, Virginia is located in Hampton, Virginia"
"Hampton, Virginia is located in Europe"
"Hampton, Virginia is located in Canada"
"Hampton, Virginia is located in Illinois"
"Hampton, Virginia is located in Poland"
Gábor Bardi is affiliated to Újpest FC
Gábor Bardi is affiliated to Hungary national football team
Gábor Bardi is affiliated to APOP Kinyras FC
Gábor Bardi is affiliated to AEP Paphos F.C.
Gábor Bardi is affiliated to Zalaegerszegi TE
Gábor Bardi is affiliated to FC Lahti
Gábor Bardi is affiliated to Ferencvárosi TC
Gábor Bardi is affiliated to Vasas SC
Gábor Bardi is affiliated to Hungary national under-21 football team
Gábor Bardi is affiliated to Győri ETO FC
Jorge Soto (footballer) was born in Lima
Jorge Soto (footballer) was born in Rio de Janeiro
Jorge Soto (footballer) was born in Buenos Aires
Jorge Soto (footballer) was born in Callao
Jorge Soto (footballer) was born in Lanús
"Jorge Soto (footballer) was born in Ica, Peru"
Jorge Soto (footballer) was born in São Paulo
Jorge Soto (footballer) was born in Montevideo
Jorge Soto (footballer) was born in Piura
"Jorge Soto (footballer) was born in Pisco, Peru"
Alan Green (soccer) is affiliated to Team America (NASL)
Alan Green (soccer) is affiliated to Jacksonville Tea Men
Alan Green (soccer) is affiliated to Washington Diplomats
Alan Green (soccer) is affiliated to New York Cosmos
Alan Green (soccer) is affiliated to United States men's national soccer team
Alan Green (soccer) is affiliated to Coventry City F.C.
Alan Green (soccer) is affiliated to San Jose Earthquakes (1974–88)
Alan Green (soccer) is affiliated to Chicago Sting
Alan Green (soccer) is affiliated to Tampa Bay Rowdies (1975–93)
Alan Green (soccer) is affiliated to Connecticut Bicentennials
Rawez Lawan is affiliated to AC Horsens
Rawez Lawan is affiliated to FC Nordsjælland
Rawez Lawan is affiliated to Malmö FF
Rawez Lawan is affiliated to Sweden national under-19 football team
Rawez Lawan is affiliated to IFK Norrköping
Rawez Lawan is affiliated to Sweden national under-17 football team
Rawez Lawan is affiliated to Sweden national under-21 football team
Rawez Lawan is affiliated to Sweden national football team
Rawez Lawan is affiliated to IF Limhamn Bunkeflo
Rawez Lawan is affiliated to Landskrona BoIS
Pedro Sernagiotto is affiliated to S.E. Palmeiras
Pedro Sernagiotto is affiliated to Juventus F.C.
Pedro Sernagiotto is affiliated to São Paulo F.C.
Pedro Sernagiotto is affiliated to Brazil national football team
Pedro Sernagiotto is affiliated to Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras
Pedro Sernagiotto is affiliated to São Paulo FC
Pedro Sernagiotto is affiliated to S.C. Corinthians Paulista
Pedro Sernagiotto is affiliated to Cruzeiro E.C.
Pedro Sernagiotto is affiliated to Associação Portuguesa de Desportos
Pedro Sernagiotto is affiliated to A.S. Roma
Tony Naylor has gender male
Tony Naylor has gender female
Tony Naylor has gender Tomsk
Tony Naylor has gender France
Tony Naylor has gender Turkey
Tony Naylor has gender United Kingdom
Tony Naylor has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Tony Naylor has gender Azerbaijan
Tony Naylor has gender Paris
Tony Naylor has gender Russia
Robert Kagan is citizen of United States
Robert Kagan is citizen of France
Robert Kagan is citizen of United Kingdom
Robert Kagan is citizen of Canada
Robert Kagan is citizen of Germany
Robert Kagan is citizen of Italy
Robert Kagan is citizen of Virginia
Robert Kagan is citizen of Greece
Robert Kagan is citizen of Belgium
Robert Kagan is citizen of Spain
Juan Carlos Lorenzo died in Buenos Aires
Juan Carlos Lorenzo died in Madrid
Juan Carlos Lorenzo died in Barcelona
Juan Carlos Lorenzo died in Lanús
"Juan Carlos Lorenzo died in Córdoba, Argentina"
Juan Carlos Lorenzo died in Rome
Juan Carlos Lorenzo died in Avellaneda
Juan Carlos Lorenzo died in Montevideo
Juan Carlos Lorenzo died in Rio de Janeiro
Juan Carlos Lorenzo died in La Plata
Martin Koeman plays for Blauw-Wit Amsterdam
Martin Koeman plays for FC Groningen
Martin Koeman plays for Netherlands national football team
Martin Koeman plays for SC Heerenveen
Martin Koeman plays for AFC Ajax
Martin Koeman plays for PEC Zwolle
Martin Koeman plays for Feyenoord
Martin Koeman plays for A.F.C. Ajax
Martin Koeman plays for SC Cambuur
Martin Koeman plays for SC Veendam
Ján Novák (footballer) is affiliated to FK Slavoj Trebišov
Ján Novák (footballer) is affiliated to 1. FC Tatran Prešov
Ján Novák (footballer) is affiliated to Tours FC
Ján Novák (footballer) is affiliated to MŠK Žilina
Ján Novák (footballer) is affiliated to MFK Košice
Ján Novák (footballer) is affiliated to Tours F.C.
Ján Novák (footballer) is affiliated to Slovakia national football team
Ján Novák (footballer) is affiliated to ŠK Slovan Bratislava
Ján Novák (footballer) is affiliated to FC Steel Trans Ličartovce
Ján Novák (footballer) is affiliated to Slovakia national under-21 football team
Aram Khalili plays for Bryne FK
Aram Khalili plays for Notodden FK
Aram Khalili plays for FK Bodø/Glimt
Aram Khalili plays for GAIS
Aram Khalili plays for IK Start
Aram Khalili plays for Norway national under-21 football team
Aram Khalili plays for Norway national football team
Aram Khalili plays for Viking FK
Aram Khalili plays for Kongsvinger IL Toppfotball
Aram Khalili plays for Sandefjord Fotball
Ruslan Nakhushev is affiliated to FC Krasnodar
Ruslan Nakhushev is affiliated to PFC Spartak Nalchik
Ruslan Nakhushev is affiliated to FC Khimki
Ruslan Nakhushev is affiliated to FC Mordovia Saransk
Ruslan Nakhushev is affiliated to FC Lokomotiv Moscow
Ruslan Nakhushev is affiliated to FC Anzhi Makhachkala
Ruslan Nakhushev is affiliated to FC Tom Tomsk
Ruslan Nakhushev is affiliated to FC Saturn Ramenskoye
Ruslan Nakhushev is affiliated to PFC CSKA Moscow
Ruslan Nakhushev is affiliated to Saturn Moscow Oblast
Paul Papp plays for FC Botoșani
Paul Papp plays for FC Vaslui
Paul Papp plays for FC Farul Constanța
Paul Papp plays for FC Unirea Dej
Paul Papp plays for Romania national under-21 football team
Paul Papp plays for Romania national under-19 football team
Paul Papp plays for A.C. Chievo Verona
Paul Papp plays for FC Astra Giurgiu
Paul Papp plays for Romania national football team
Paul Papp plays for A.C. ChievoVerona
Julio Montero Castillo is affiliated to Granada C.F.
Julio Montero Castillo is affiliated to Liverpool F.C. (Montevideo)
Julio Montero Castillo is affiliated to Club Nacional de Football
Julio Montero Castillo is affiliated to Granada CF
Julio Montero Castillo is affiliated to C.A. Independiente
Julio Montero Castillo is affiliated to Club Atlético Independiente
Julio Montero Castillo is affiliated to Uruguay national football team
Julio Montero Castillo is affiliated to Elche C.F.
Julio Montero Castillo is affiliated to Elche CF
Julio Montero Castillo is affiliated to Peñarol
Mark Wells (footballer) plays for Pickering Town F.C.
Mark Wells (footballer) plays for Hinckley United F.C.
Mark Wells (footballer) plays for Harrogate Town F.C.
Mark Wells (footballer) plays for Notts County F.C.
Mark Wells (footballer) plays for Worcester City F.C.
Mark Wells (footballer) plays for Gateshead F.C.
Mark Wells (footballer) plays for Dagenham & Redbridge F.C.
Mark Wells (footballer) plays for Huddersfield Town F.C.
Mark Wells (footballer) plays for Scarborough F.C.
Mark Wells (footballer) plays for Tamworth F.C.
Lars Winde is affiliated to Esbjerg fB
Lars Winde is affiliated to AaB Fodbold
Lars Winde is affiliated to Denmark national under-21 football team
Lars Winde is affiliated to SC Bregenz
Lars Winde is affiliated to Aalborg Boldspilklub
Lars Winde is affiliated to Denmark national football team
Lars Winde is affiliated to Odense Boldklub
Lars Winde is affiliated to Denmark national under-19 football team
Lars Winde is affiliated to Silkeborg IF
Lars Winde is affiliated to Denmark League XI national football team
Juninho Pernambucano plays for CR Vasco da Gama
Juninho Pernambucano plays for Al-Gharafa Sports Club
Juninho Pernambucano plays for Brazil national football team
Juninho Pernambucano plays for Sport Club do Recife
Juninho Pernambucano plays for Olympique Lyonnais
Juninho Pernambucano plays for New York Red Bulls
Juninho Pernambucano plays for Al-Gharafa S.C.
Juninho Pernambucano plays for C.R. Vasco da Gama
Juninho Pernambucano plays for Clube Atlético Mineiro
Juninho Pernambucano plays for Fluminense FC
Trini Alvarado has gender female
Trini Alvarado has gender male
Trini Alvarado has gender United Kingdom
Trini Alvarado has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Trini Alvarado has gender France
Trini Alvarado has gender Paris
Trini Alvarado has gender English language
Trini Alvarado has gender Africa
Trini Alvarado has gender United States
Trini Alvarado has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Henrique Sereno is affiliated to O Elvas C.A.D.
Henrique Sereno is affiliated to Vitória S.C.
Henrique Sereno is affiliated to F.C. Porto
Henrique Sereno is affiliated to Real Valladolid C.F.
Henrique Sereno is affiliated to Real Valladolid
Henrique Sereno is affiliated to 1. FC Köln
Henrique Sereno is affiliated to Kayserispor
Henrique Sereno is affiliated to Portugal national football team
Henrique Sereno is affiliated to 1. FC Cologne
Henrique Sereno is affiliated to F.C. Famalicão
Cristiano Cordeiro plays for South China AA
Cristiano Cordeiro plays for Hong Kong national football team
Cristiano Cordeiro plays for Eastern AA
Cristiano Cordeiro plays for Sun Hei SC
Cristiano Cordeiro plays for Fortaleza Esporte Clube
Cristiano Cordeiro plays for Sport Club Internacional
Cristiano Cordeiro plays for Hong Kong Rangers FC
Cristiano Cordeiro plays for Happy Valley AA
Cristiano Cordeiro plays for Kitchee SC
Cristiano Cordeiro plays for South China Athletic Association
Maksym Biletskyi is affiliated to FC Moscow
Maksym Biletskyi is affiliated to FC Shinnik Yaroslavl
Maksym Biletskyi is affiliated to FC Rostov
Maksym Biletskyi is affiliated to PFC CSKA Moscow
Maksym Biletskyi is affiliated to FC Chornomorets Odesa
Maksym Biletskyi is affiliated to Russia national football team
Maksym Biletskyi is affiliated to FC Torpedo Moscow
Maksym Biletskyi is affiliated to FC Spartak Moscow
Maksym Biletskyi is affiliated to Soviet Union national football team
Maksym Biletskyi is affiliated to FC Krylia Sovetov Samara
Vitali Gussev has gender male
Vitali Gussev has gender female
Vitali Gussev has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Vitali Gussev has gender London Heathrow Terminal 3
Vitali Gussev has gender Tomsk
Vitali Gussev has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Vitali Gussev has gender Golden Globe Award
Vitali Gussev has gender César Award
Vitali Gussev has gender Turkey
Vitali Gussev has gender Republican Party (United States)
Paul Smith (rock vocalist) has musical role wordnet vocal music 107282006
Paul Smith (rock vocalist) has musical role wordnet guitar 103467517
Paul Smith (rock vocalist) has musical role wordnet piano 103928116
Paul Smith (rock vocalist) has musical role wordnet bass guitar 102804123
Paul Smith (rock vocalist) has musical role wordnet harmonica 103494278
Paul Smith (rock vocalist) has musical role wordnet keyboard 103614007
Paul Smith (rock vocalist) has musical role wordnet drum 103249569
Paul Smith (rock vocalist) has musical role wordnet synthesist 110687231
Paul Smith (rock vocalist) has musical role wordnet percussion 100545059
Paul Smith (rock vocalist) has musical role wordnet mandolin 103716966
Leonel Ríos is affiliated to Club Atlético Brown
Leonel Ríos is affiliated to Club Atlético Vélez Sarsfield
Leonel Ríos is affiliated to Club Olimpo
Leonel Ríos is affiliated to Godoy Cruz Antonio Tomba
Leonel Ríos is affiliated to Asteras Tripoli F.C.
Leonel Ríos is affiliated to Club Atlético Independiente
Leonel Ríos is affiliated to UD Almería
Leonel Ríos is affiliated to Arsenal de Sarandí
Leonel Ríos is affiliated to Rosario Central
Leonel Ríos is affiliated to Kavala F.C.
Gianluca Vialli plays for U.S. Cremonese
Gianluca Vialli plays for U.C. Sampdoria
Gianluca Vialli plays for Juventus F.C.
Gianluca Vialli plays for A.S. Pizzighettone
Gianluca Vialli plays for Italy national football team
Gianluca Vialli plays for Chelsea F.C.
Gianluca Vialli plays for Italy national under-21 football team
Gianluca Vialli plays for Watford F.C.
Gianluca Vialli plays for A.C. Milan
Gianluca Vialli plays for Inter Milan
Dejan Stamenković plays for FK Železničar Požarevac
Dejan Stamenković plays for FK Mladost Lučani
Dejan Stamenković plays for FK Palilulac Beograd
Dejan Stamenković plays for FK Metalac
Dejan Stamenković plays for FK Voždovac
Dejan Stamenković plays for FK Železničar Beograd
Dejan Stamenković plays for FK Čukarički
Dejan Stamenković plays for FK Hajduk Beograd
Dejan Stamenković plays for FK Jagodina
Dejan Stamenković plays for FK Borac Čačak
Kwadwo Poku is affiliated to Skive IK
Kwadwo Poku is affiliated to King Faisal Babes FC
Kwadwo Poku is affiliated to Asante Kotoko SC
Kwadwo Poku is affiliated to FC Midtjylland
Kwadwo Poku is affiliated to Ikast FS
Kwadwo Poku is affiliated to Ghana national football team
Kwadwo Poku is affiliated to King Faisal Babes
Kwadwo Poku is affiliated to Ghana national under-20 football team
Kwadwo Poku is affiliated to Great Olympics
Kwadwo Poku is affiliated to Sekondi Hasaacas F.C.
Daniel Hernández (soccer) plays for Tampa Bay Mutiny
Daniel Hernández (soccer) plays for LA Galaxy
Daniel Hernández (soccer) plays for New England Revolution
Daniel Hernández (soccer) plays for FC Dallas
Daniel Hernández (soccer) plays for Puebla F.C.
Daniel Hernández (soccer) plays for Chiapas F.C.
Daniel Hernández (soccer) plays for New York Red Bulls
Daniel Hernández (soccer) plays for Club Necaxa
Daniel Hernández (soccer) plays for Dallas Texans Soccer Club
Daniel Hernández (soccer) plays for F.C. Dallas
Ray Kennedy is affiliated to Swansea City A.F.C.
Ray Kennedy is affiliated to England national football team
Ray Kennedy is affiliated to Port Vale F.C.
Ray Kennedy is affiliated to Arsenal F.C.
Ray Kennedy is affiliated to Liverpool F.C.
Ray Kennedy is affiliated to Hartlepool United F.C.
Ray Kennedy is affiliated to England national under-21 football team
Ray Kennedy is affiliated to Sunderland A.F.C.
Ray Kennedy is affiliated to Newcastle United F.C.
Ray Kennedy is affiliated to Manchester City F.C.
Dariusz Pietrasiak plays for KSZO Ostrowiec Świętokrzyski
Dariusz Pietrasiak plays for Podbeskidzie Bielsko-Biała
Dariusz Pietrasiak plays for Polonia Warsaw
Dariusz Pietrasiak plays for Śląsk Wrocław
Dariusz Pietrasiak plays for Poland national football team
Dariusz Pietrasiak plays for Maccabi Netanya F.C.
Dariusz Pietrasiak plays for GKS Bełchatów
Dariusz Pietrasiak plays for Widzew Łódź
Dariusz Pietrasiak plays for Dyskobolia Grodzisk Wielkopolski
Dariusz Pietrasiak plays for Górnik Zabrze
Mark Ford (footballer) plays for Tadcaster Albion A.F.C.
Mark Ford (footballer) plays for Burnley F.C.
Mark Ford (footballer) plays for Harrogate Town F.C.
Mark Ford (footballer) plays for Leigh Genesis F.C.
Mark Ford (footballer) plays for Darlington F.C.
Mark Ford (footballer) plays for K.F.C. Lommel S.K.
Mark Ford (footballer) plays for Torquay United F.C.
Mark Ford (footballer) plays for Leeds United A.F.C.
Mark Ford (footballer) plays for Manchester City F.C.
Mark Ford (footballer) plays for England national under-21 football team
Masoud Zarei is affiliated to Saba Qom F.C.
Masoud Zarei is affiliated to S.C. Damash
Masoud Zarei is affiliated to Sanat Mes Kerman F.C.
Masoud Zarei is affiliated to Paykan F.C.
Masoud Zarei is affiliated to Persepolis F.C.
Masoud Zarei is affiliated to Iran national football team
Masoud Zarei is affiliated to Rah Ahan Sorinet F.C.
Masoud Zarei is affiliated to Iran national under-23 football team
Masoud Zarei is affiliated to Saipa F.C.
Masoud Zarei is affiliated to Esteghlal F.C.
Kerry Dixon plays for Basildon United F.C.
Kerry Dixon plays for Chesham United F.C.
Kerry Dixon plays for Watford F.C.
Kerry Dixon plays for Reading F.C.
Kerry Dixon plays for Oxford United F.C.
Kerry Dixon plays for Millwall F.C.
Kerry Dixon plays for Chelsea F.C.
Kerry Dixon plays for Doncaster Rovers F.C.
Kerry Dixon plays for Luton Town F.C.
Kerry Dixon plays for England national under-21 football team
Miguel de Andrés is affiliated to Athletic Bilbao
Miguel de Andrés is affiliated to C.D. Castellón
Miguel de Andrés is affiliated to Athletic Bilbao B
Miguel de Andrés is affiliated to CD Castellón
Miguel de Andrés is affiliated to Spain national football team
Miguel de Andrés is affiliated to Spain national under-23 football team
Miguel de Andrés is affiliated to Spain national under-18 football team
Miguel de Andrés is affiliated to Spain national under-21 football team
Miguel de Andrés is affiliated to CD Basconia
Miguel de Andrés is affiliated to FC Barcelona
Don Welsh plays for England national football team
Don Welsh plays for Charlton Athletic F.C.
Don Welsh plays for Brighton &amp; Hove Albion F.C.
Don Welsh plays for Torquay United F.C.
Don Welsh plays for Wycombe Wanderers F.C.
Don Welsh plays for Liverpool F.C.
Don Welsh plays for England national under-21 football team
Don Welsh plays for Brighton & Hove Albion F.C.
Don Welsh plays for Southampton F.C.
Don Welsh plays for Aston Villa F.C.
Zadar is located in Zadar County
Zadar is located in Croatia
Zadar is located in Europe
Zadar is located in Lists of World Heritage Sites in Europe
Zadar is located in France
Zadar is located in Split-Dalmatia County
Zadar is located in Italy
Zadar is located in Zadar
Zadar is located in Africa
Zadar is located in Republika Srpska
Ronny Carlos da Silva plays for F.C. Paços de Ferreira
Ronny Carlos da Silva plays for Guangdong Sunray Cave F.C.
Ronny Carlos da Silva plays for S.C. Beira-Mar
Ronny Carlos da Silva plays for Criciúma Esporte Clube
Ronny Carlos da Silva plays for América Futebol Clube (RN)
Ronny Carlos da Silva plays for Rio Ave F.C.
Ronny Carlos da Silva plays for CFR Cluj
Ronny Carlos da Silva plays for Shanghai Greenland F.C.
Ronny Carlos da Silva plays for FC Zürich
Ronny Carlos da Silva plays for Guizhou Renhe F.C.
Steve Bull plays for England national football B team
Steve Bull plays for England national football team
Steve Bull plays for England national under-21 football team
Steve Bull plays for West Bromwich Albion F.C.
Steve Bull plays for Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C.
Steve Bull plays for Stafford Rangers F.C.
Steve Bull plays for Hereford United F.C.
Steve Bull plays for Aston Villa F.C.
Steve Bull plays for Birmingham City F.C.
Steve Bull plays for Stoke City F.C.
Kim Little plays for Arsenal L.F.C.
Kim Little plays for Great Britain women's Olympic football team
Kim Little plays for Hibernian L.F.C.
Kim Little plays for Scotland women's national football team
Kim Little plays for Seattle Reign FC
Kim Little plays for England women's national football team
Kim Little plays for Glasgow City F.C.
Kim Little plays for Chelsea L.F.C.
Kim Little plays for Boston Breakers
Kim Little plays for Chicago Red Stars
Alexandre Rodriguez de Oliveira plays for Santa Cruz Futebol Clube
Alexandre Rodriguez de Oliveira plays for Clube Náutico Capibaribe
Alexandre Rodriguez de Oliveira plays for FC Universitatea Cluj
Alexandre Rodriguez de Oliveira plays for Associação Portuguesa de Desportos
Alexandre Rodriguez de Oliveira plays for Sport Club Internacional
Alexandre Rodriguez de Oliveira plays for Sport Club do Recife
Alexandre Rodriguez de Oliveira plays for CS Universitatea Cluj-Napoca
Alexandre Rodriguez de Oliveira plays for Guarani Futebol Clube
Alexandre Rodriguez de Oliveira plays for S.C. Internacional
Alexandre Rodriguez de Oliveira plays for Clube Atlético Paranaense
Zhivko Milanov is affiliated to Bulgaria national under-17 football team
Zhivko Milanov is affiliated to Bulgaria national under-21 football team
Zhivko Milanov is affiliated to Bulgaria national under-19 football team
Zhivko Milanov is affiliated to PFC Levski Sofia
Zhivko Milanov is affiliated to FC Vaslui
Zhivko Milanov is affiliated to Bulgaria national football team
Zhivko Milanov is affiliated to FC Tom Tomsk
Zhivko Milanov is affiliated to PFC CSKA Sofia
Zhivko Milanov is affiliated to PFC Slavia Sofia
Zhivko Milanov is affiliated to PFC Lokomotiv Sofia
Manuel Sánchez Torres is affiliated to Heracles Almelo
Manuel Sánchez Torres is affiliated to FC Twente
Manuel Sánchez Torres is affiliated to Roda JC Kerkrade
Manuel Sánchez Torres is affiliated to Valencia CF
Manuel Sánchez Torres is affiliated to N.E.C. (football club)
Manuel Sánchez Torres is affiliated to Valencia C.F.
Manuel Sánchez Torres is affiliated to Netherlands national football team
Manuel Sánchez Torres is affiliated to Feyenoord
Manuel Sánchez Torres is affiliated to De Graafschap
Manuel Sánchez Torres is affiliated to PSV Eindhoven
Ashan Holgate plays for Swindon Supermarine F.C.
Ashan Holgate plays for Cirencester Town F.C.
Ashan Holgate plays for Weston-super-Mare A.F.C.
Ashan Holgate plays for Eastleigh F.C.
Ashan Holgate plays for Basingstoke Town F.C.
Ashan Holgate plays for Maidenhead United F.C.
Ashan Holgate plays for Swindon Town F.C.
Ashan Holgate plays for Newport County A.F.C.
Ashan Holgate plays for Oxford City F.C.
Ashan Holgate plays for Salisbury City F.C.
Tomasz Wisio plays for SK Austria Kärnten
Tomasz Wisio plays for SKN St. Pölten
Tomasz Wisio plays for Wisła Kraków
Tomasz Wisio plays for RB Leipzig
Tomasz Wisio plays for Skoda Xanthi F.C.
Tomasz Wisio plays for LASK Linz
Tomasz Wisio plays for L.A.S.K. Linz
Tomasz Wisio plays for Ergotelis F.C.
Tomasz Wisio plays for ASKÖ Pasching
Tomasz Wisio plays for Arminia Bielefeld
Nassim Banouas is affiliated to Wormatia Worms
Nassim Banouas is affiliated to SV Elversberg
Nassim Banouas is affiliated to Sportfreunde Siegen
Nassim Banouas is affiliated to Kickers Offenbach
Nassim Banouas is affiliated to SV Waldhof Mannheim
Nassim Banouas is affiliated to 1. FC Kaiserslautern
Nassim Banouas is affiliated to 1. FSV Mainz 05
Nassim Banouas is affiliated to FC 08 Homburg
Nassim Banouas is affiliated to Eintracht Frankfurt
Nassim Banouas is affiliated to SV Darmstadt 98
Filip Lukšík is affiliated to FK AS Trenčín
Filip Lukšík is affiliated to FK Senica
Filip Lukšík is affiliated to Spartak Myjava
Filip Lukšík is affiliated to FK Dukla Banská Bystrica
Filip Lukšík is affiliated to ŠK Slovan Bratislava
Filip Lukšík is affiliated to ADO Den Haag
Filip Lukšík is affiliated to Slovakia national football team
Filip Lukšík is affiliated to FK Fotbal Třinec
Filip Lukšík is affiliated to SK Sigma Olomouc
Filip Lukšík is affiliated to Odra Wodzisław
Marcin Siedlarz plays for Przebój Wolbrom
Marcin Siedlarz plays for Garbarnia Kraków
Marcin Siedlarz plays for Hutnik Nowa Huta
Marcin Siedlarz plays for Flota Świnoujście
Marcin Siedlarz plays for GKS Katowice
Marcin Siedlarz plays for Ruch Chorzów
Marcin Siedlarz plays for Widzew Łódź
Marcin Siedlarz plays for A.C. Siena
Marcin Siedlarz plays for Górnik Zabrze
Marcin Siedlarz plays for Poland national football team
Alex Yi has gender male
Alex Yi has gender female
Alex Yi has gender United Kingdom
Alex Yi has gender Azerbaijan
Alex Yi has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Alex Yi has gender Italy
Alex Yi has gender France
Alex Yi has gender Turkey
Alex Yi has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Alex Yi has gender London
John Moody (footballer) plays for Bradford Park Avenue A.F.C.
John Moody (footballer) plays for Chesterfield F.C.
John Moody (footballer) plays for Doncaster Rovers F.C.
John Moody (footballer) plays for Manchester United F.C.
John Moody (footballer) plays for Arsenal F.C.
John Moody (footballer) plays for Sheffield United F.C.
John Moody (footballer) plays for Huddersfield Town F.C.
John Moody (footballer) plays for Sheffield Wednesday F.C.
John Moody (footballer) plays for England national football team
John Moody (footballer) plays for Bradford City A.F.C.
Naughty Dog is located in Santa Monica
"Naughty Dog is located in Santa Monica, California"
Naughty Dog is located in Los Angeles
Naughty Dog is located in United States
Naughty Dog is located in New York City
Naughty Dog is located in California
"Naughty Dog is located in Beverly Hills, California"
"Naughty Dog is located in Burbank, California"
Naughty Dog is located in London
Naughty Dog is located in Tokyo (prefecture)
Phil Harrington is affiliated to Cork City F.C.
Phil Harrington is affiliated to Caernarfon Town F.C.
Phil Harrington is affiliated to Cobh Ramblers F.C.
Phil Harrington is affiliated to Waterford United F.C.
Phil Harrington is affiliated to Burnley F.C.
Phil Harrington is affiliated to Blackpool F.C.
Phil Harrington is affiliated to Preston North End F.C.
Phil Harrington is affiliated to Chester City F.C.
Phil Harrington is affiliated to Manager (association football)
Phil Harrington is affiliated to Everton F.C.
Ținutul Crișuri is located in Bihor County
Ținutul Crișuri is located in Sălaj County
Ținutul Crișuri is located in Cluj County
Ținutul Crișuri is located in Satu Mare County
Ținutul Crișuri is located in Crișana
Ținutul Crișuri is located in Maramureș County
Ținutul Crișuri is located in Cluj-Napoca
Ținutul Crișuri is located in Ținutul Crișuri
Ținutul Crișuri is located in Kingdom of Romania
Ținutul Crișuri is located in Transylvania
Sam Rents is affiliated to Crawley Town F.C.
Sam Rents is affiliated to Sutton United F.C.
Sam Rents is affiliated to Gateshead F.C.
Sam Rents is affiliated to Brighton & Hove Albion F.C.
Sam Rents is affiliated to Hayes & Yeading United F.C.
Sam Rents is affiliated to Eastbourne Borough F.C.
Sam Rents is affiliated to Havant & Waterlooville F.C.
Sam Rents is affiliated to England national football C team
Sam Rents is affiliated to Brentford F.C.
Sam Rents is affiliated to Barnet F.C.
Ânderson Miguel da Silva is affiliated to Betim Esporte Clube
Ânderson Miguel da Silva is affiliated to Cruzeiro Esporte Clube
Ânderson Miguel da Silva is affiliated to Esporte Clube São Bento
Ânderson Miguel da Silva is affiliated to Associação Desportiva Confiança
Ânderson Miguel da Silva is affiliated to C.D. Nacional
Ânderson Miguel da Silva is affiliated to Santa Cruz Futebol Clube
Ânderson Miguel da Silva is affiliated to Cagliari Calcio
Ânderson Miguel da Silva is affiliated to Cruzeiro E.C.
Ânderson Miguel da Silva is affiliated to América Futebol Clube (SP)
Ânderson Miguel da Silva is affiliated to Associação Portuguesa de Desportos
Kate Gill is affiliated to Newcastle Jets FC W-League
Kate Gill is affiliated to Linköpings FC
Kate Gill is affiliated to Sunnanå SK
Kate Gill is affiliated to AIK Fotboll Dam
Kate Gill is affiliated to Australia women's national association football team
Kate Gill is affiliated to FC Rosengård
Kate Gill is affiliated to Perth Glory FC W-League
Kate Gill is affiliated to LdB FC Malmö
Kate Gill is affiliated to Sweden women's national football team
Kate Gill is affiliated to Melbourne Victory FC W-League
Jay Leno has won prize Primetime Emmy Award
Jay Leno has won prize Emmy Award
Jay Leno has won prize Golden Globe Award
Jay Leno has won prize Grammy Award
Jay Leno has won prize Film Independent Spirit Awards
Jay Leno has won prize Saturn Award
Jay Leno has won prize Tony Award
Jay Leno has won prize Drama Desk Award
Jay Leno has won prize Young Artist Award
Jay Leno has won prize Daytime Emmy Award
Liam Trotter plays for Ipswich Town F.C.
Liam Trotter plays for Grimsby Town F.C.
Liam Trotter plays for Bolton Wanderers F.C.
Liam Trotter plays for Scunthorpe United F.C.
Liam Trotter plays for Millwall F.C.
Liam Trotter plays for Colchester United F.C.
Liam Trotter plays for Norwich City F.C.
Liam Trotter plays for Manchester United F.C.
Liam Trotter plays for England national under-21 football team
Liam Trotter plays for Manchester City F.C.
Renzo Sheput plays for Juan Aurich
Renzo Sheput plays for Unión Minas
Renzo Sheput plays for Alianza Atlético
Renzo Sheput plays for Coronel Bolognesi
Renzo Sheput plays for Peru national football team
Renzo Sheput plays for Club Deportivo Universidad de San Martín de Porres
Renzo Sheput plays for Deportivo Municipal
Renzo Sheput plays for La Equidad
Renzo Sheput plays for Sporting Cristal
Renzo Sheput plays for Alianza Lima
Carl Sagan lives in United States
Carl Sagan lives in New York City
Carl Sagan lives in Chicago
Carl Sagan lives in United Kingdom
Carl Sagan lives in California
Carl Sagan lives in Los Angeles
"Carl Sagan lives in Berkeley, California"
"Carl Sagan lives in Cambridge, Massachusetts"
Carl Sagan lives in Seattle
Carl Sagan lives in Boston
Chris Hurst (footballer) is affiliated to Wakefield F.C.
Chris Hurst (footballer) is affiliated to Ossett Town F.C.
Chris Hurst (footballer) is affiliated to Frickley Athletic F.C.
Chris Hurst (footballer) is affiliated to Worksop Town F.C.
Chris Hurst (footballer) is affiliated to Gainsborough Trinity F.C.
Chris Hurst (footballer) is affiliated to Ilkeston F.C.
Chris Hurst (footballer) is affiliated to Huddersfield Town F.C.
Chris Hurst (footballer) is affiliated to Halifax Town A.F.C.
Chris Hurst (footballer) is affiliated to Ossett Albion A.F.C.
Chris Hurst (footballer) is affiliated to Belper Town F.C.
Manitoba is located in Manitoba
Manitoba is located in Canada
Manitoba is located in Winnipeg
Manitoba is located in United States
Manitoba is located in Ontario
Manitoba is located in Eastman Region
"Manitoba is located in Northern Region, Manitoba"
"Manitoba is located in Thompson, Manitoba"
"Manitoba is located in Steinbach, Manitoba"
Manitoba is located in Europe
Mike Galloway (footballer) plays for Berwick Rangers F.C.
Mike Galloway (footballer) plays for Scotland national football team
Mike Galloway (footballer) plays for Celtic F.C.
Mike Galloway (footballer) plays for Leicester City F.C.
Mike Galloway (footballer) plays for Halifax Town A.F.C.
Mike Galloway (footballer) plays for Mansfield Town F.C.
Mike Galloway (footballer) plays for Heart of Midlothian F.C.
Mike Galloway (footballer) plays for Tynecastle F.C.
Mike Galloway (footballer) plays for Scotland national under-21 football team
Mike Galloway (footballer) plays for Hibernian F.C.
Con Martin plays for League of Ireland XI
Con Martin plays for Waterford United F.C.
Con Martin plays for Ireland national football team (1882–1950)
Con Martin plays for Glentoran F.C.
Con Martin plays for Dundalk F.C.
Con Martin plays for Drumcondra F.C.
Con Martin plays for Aston Villa F.C.
Con Martin plays for Republic of Ireland national football team
Con Martin plays for Leeds United A.F.C.
Con Martin plays for Shamrock Rovers F.C.
Dan Salvemini is affiliated to Philadelphia Fever
Dan Salvemini is affiliated to Memphis Americans
Dan Salvemini is affiliated to Philadelphia Fury
Dan Salvemini is affiliated to San Jose Earthquakes (1974–88)
Dan Salvemini is affiliated to United States men's national soccer team
Dan Salvemini is affiliated to San Diego Sockers (1978–96)
Dan Salvemini is affiliated to Montreal Manic
Dan Salvemini is affiliated to New York Cosmos
Dan Salvemini is affiliated to Chicago Sting
Dan Salvemini is affiliated to Baltimore Blast (1980–92)
Robert Siboldi is affiliated to Cruz Azul
Robert Siboldi is affiliated to Peñarol
Robert Siboldi is affiliated to A.A. Argentinos Juniors
Robert Siboldi is affiliated to Puebla F.C.
Robert Siboldi is affiliated to Club de Gimnasia y Esgrima La Plata
Robert Siboldi is affiliated to Argentinos Juniors
Robert Siboldi is affiliated to Tigres UANL
Robert Siboldi is affiliated to Junior F.C.
Robert Siboldi is affiliated to Junior de Barranquilla
Robert Siboldi is affiliated to Club Atlas
Lee County (Florida) is located in Florida
Lee County (Florida) is located in Lee County (Florida)
Lee County (Florida) is located in United States
Lee County (Florida) is located in Fort Myers
Lee County (Florida) is located in California
"Lee County (Florida) is located in Sanibel, Florida"
"Lee County (Florida) is located in Lee County, Florida"
"Lee County (Florida) is located in Bonita Springs, Florida"
"Lee County (Florida) is located in North Fort Myers, Florida"
"Lee County (Florida) is located in Miami-Dade County, Florida"
Angelo Barletta has gender male
Angelo Barletta has gender female
Angelo Barletta has gender United Kingdom
Angelo Barletta has gender Azerbaijan
Angelo Barletta has gender Turkey
Angelo Barletta has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Angelo Barletta has gender Tomsk
Angelo Barletta has gender Italy
Angelo Barletta has gender France
Angelo Barletta has gender Democratic Party (United States)
Stefan Jansen has gender male
Stefan Jansen has gender female
Stefan Jansen has gender United Kingdom
Stefan Jansen has gender Azerbaijan
Stefan Jansen has gender Tomsk
Stefan Jansen has gender London
Stefan Jansen has gender France
Stefan Jansen has gender César Award
Stefan Jansen has gender Democratic Party (United States)
Stefan Jansen has gender Convention People's Party
Asaf Ben-Muha is affiliated to Israel national beach soccer team
Asaf Ben-Muha is affiliated to Maccabi Yavne F.C.
Asaf Ben-Muha is affiliated to Israel national under-19 football team
Asaf Ben-Muha is affiliated to Israel national under-21 football team
Asaf Ben-Muha is affiliated to Hapoel Bnei Lod F.C.
Asaf Ben-Muha is affiliated to F.C. Nazareth Illit
Asaf Ben-Muha is affiliated to Hapoel Petah Tikva F.C.
Asaf Ben-Muha is affiliated to Maccabi Netanya F.C.
Asaf Ben-Muha is affiliated to Israel national football team
Asaf Ben-Muha is affiliated to Maccabi Haifa F.C.
Giuliano Oliviero is affiliated to Winnipeg Fury
Giuliano Oliviero is affiliated to Toronto Lynx
Giuliano Oliviero is affiliated to Vancouver Whitecaps (1986–2010)
Giuliano Oliviero is affiliated to Milwaukee Wave
Giuliano Oliviero is affiliated to Canada men's national soccer team
Giuliano Oliviero is affiliated to Staten Island Vipers
Giuliano Oliviero is affiliated to Milwaukee Wave United
Giuliano Oliviero is affiliated to Montreal Impact
Giuliano Oliviero is affiliated to Cleveland Crunch
Giuliano Oliviero is affiliated to Canada men's national under-20 soccer team
Dale Rudge has gender male
Dale Rudge has gender female
Dale Rudge has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Dale Rudge has gender Democratic Party (United States)
Dale Rudge has gender Republican Party (United States)
Dale Rudge has gender Tomsk
Dale Rudge has gender Turkey
Dale Rudge has gender London Heathrow Terminal 3
Dale Rudge has gender Russia
Dale Rudge has gender Ankara
Omar Sebastián Monesterolo is affiliated to Crucero del Norte
Omar Sebastián Monesterolo is affiliated to Petaling Jaya City F.C.
Omar Sebastián Monesterolo is affiliated to Sportivo Belgrano
Omar Sebastián Monesterolo is affiliated to Hapoel Bnei Lod F.C.
Omar Sebastián Monesterolo is affiliated to Valletta F.C.
Omar Sebastián Monesterolo is affiliated to Kuwait SC
Omar Sebastián Monesterolo is affiliated to AEK Larnaca F.C.
Omar Sebastián Monesterolo is affiliated to East Bengal F.C.
Omar Sebastián Monesterolo is affiliated to Boca Juniors
Omar Sebastián Monesterolo is affiliated to Club Atlético Banfield
Fjodor Xhafa plays for KF Bylis Ballsh
Fjodor Xhafa plays for Flamurtari Vlorë
Fjodor Xhafa plays for KF Tirana
Fjodor Xhafa plays for KS Dinamo Tirana
Fjodor Xhafa plays for KF Elbasani
Fjodor Xhafa plays for R.A.E.C. Mons
Fjodor Xhafa plays for Albania national football team
Fjodor Xhafa plays for KS Vllaznia Shkodër
Fjodor Xhafa plays for Partizani Tirana
Fjodor Xhafa plays for Albania national under-21 football team
René Unglaube was born in Berlin
René Unglaube was born in West Berlin
René Unglaube was born in East Berlin
René Unglaube was born in Bochum
René Unglaube was born in Gelsenkirchen
René Unglaube was born in Jena
René Unglaube was born in Cologne
René Unglaube was born in Hanover
René Unglaube was born in Hamburg
René Unglaube was born in Mülheim
Anton Zemlianukhin is affiliated to FC Abdish-Ata Kant
Anton Zemlianukhin is affiliated to Kyrgyzstan national football team
Anton Zemlianukhin is affiliated to FC Taraz
Anton Zemlianukhin is affiliated to FC Aktobe
Anton Zemlianukhin is affiliated to FC Kairat
Anton Zemlianukhin is affiliated to Giresunspor
Anton Zemlianukhin is affiliated to FC Alga Bishkek
Anton Zemlianukhin is affiliated to FC Zhetysu
Anton Zemlianukhin is affiliated to FC Irtysh Pavlodar
Anton Zemlianukhin is affiliated to Kazakhstan national football team
"Laurens, South Carolina is located in Laurens County, South Carolina"
"Laurens, South Carolina is located in South Carolina"
"Laurens, South Carolina is located in United States"
"Laurens, South Carolina is located in Laurens, South Carolina"
"Laurens, South Carolina is located in Clinton, South Carolina"
"Laurens, South Carolina is located in Charleston County, South Carolina"
"Laurens, South Carolina is located in Lexington County, South Carolina"
"Laurens, South Carolina is located in Berkeley County, South Carolina"
"Laurens, South Carolina is located in North Carolina"
"Laurens, South Carolina is located in York County, South Carolina"
Jasminko Velić is affiliated to FK Sarajevo
Jasminko Velić is affiliated to FK Željezničar Sarajevo
Jasminko Velić is affiliated to OFI Crete
Jasminko Velić is affiliated to CD Leganés
Jasminko Velić is affiliated to C.F. Estrela da Amadora
Jasminko Velić is affiliated to Kastoria F.C.
Jasminko Velić is affiliated to Levadiakos F.C.
Jasminko Velić is affiliated to Manager (association football)
Jasminko Velić is affiliated to F.K. Sarajevo
Jasminko Velić is affiliated to F.K. Željezničar Sarajevo
The Drummer (2007 film) is located in Taiwan
The Drummer (2007 film) is located in Germany
The Drummer (2007 film) is located in United States
The Drummer (2007 film) is located in China
The Drummer (2007 film) is located in United Kingdom
The Drummer (2007 film) is located in Hong Kong
The Drummer (2007 film) is located in France
The Drummer (2007 film) is located in Canada
The Drummer (2007 film) is located in Italy
The Drummer (2007 film) is located in Japan
Petr Vlček plays for 1. FC Bad Kötzting
Petr Vlček plays for SpVgg SV Weiden
Petr Vlček plays for Panionios G.S.S.
Petr Vlček plays for SK Slavia Prague
Petr Vlček plays for FC Viktoria Plzeň
Petr Vlček plays for Niki Volos F.C.
Petr Vlček plays for Czech Republic national football team
Petr Vlček plays for Panionios F.C
Petr Vlček plays for Czech Republic national under-21 football team
Petr Vlček plays for Standard Liège
Marco Gbarssin is affiliated to Central African Republic national football team
Marco Gbarssin is affiliated to R.E. Virton
Marco Gbarssin is affiliated to FC Fredericia
Marco Gbarssin is affiliated to FC Girondins de Bordeaux
Marco Gbarssin is affiliated to Royal Antwerp F.C.
Marco Gbarssin is affiliated to Grenoble Foot 38
Marco Gbarssin is affiliated to Walsall F.C.
Marco Gbarssin is affiliated to Carlisle United F.C.
Marco Gbarssin is affiliated to Bologna F.C. 1909
Marco Gbarssin is affiliated to SC Eendracht Aalst
Juan Carlos de la Barrera is affiliated to Mexico national under-20 football team
Juan Carlos de la Barrera is affiliated to Irapuato FC
Juan Carlos de la Barrera is affiliated to Correcaminos UAT
Juan Carlos de la Barrera is affiliated to San Luis F.C.
Juan Carlos de la Barrera is affiliated to Querétaro F.C.
Juan Carlos de la Barrera is affiliated to Puebla F.C.
Juan Carlos de la Barrera is affiliated to Indios de Ciudad Juárez
Juan Carlos de la Barrera is affiliated to C.F. Pachuca
Juan Carlos de la Barrera is affiliated to Chiapas F.C.
Juan Carlos de la Barrera is affiliated to Club Necaxa
Savigliano is located in Piedmont
Savigliano is located in Italy
Savigliano is located in Province of Turin
Savigliano is located in United States
Savigliano is located in Europe
Savigliano is located in Province of Cuneo
Savigliano is located in France
Savigliano is located in Lists of World Heritage Sites in Europe
Savigliano is located in Savigliano
Savigliano is located in Switzerland
Huangshan City is located in Anhui
Huangshan City is located in China
Huangshan City is located in Huangshan City
Huangshan City is located in United States
Huangshan City is located in Jiangxi
Huangshan City is located in Asia
Huangshan City is located in Shandong
Huangshan City is located in India
Huangshan City is located in Japan
Huangshan City is located in Hefei
Marcelo Corrales is affiliated to Deportes Puerto Montt
Marcelo Corrales is affiliated to Deportes Temuco
Marcelo Corrales is affiliated to Club Deportivo Palestino
Marcelo Corrales is affiliated to Unión San Felipe
Marcelo Corrales is affiliated to Chile national football team
Marcelo Corrales is affiliated to Club Deportivo Universidad Católica
Marcelo Corrales is affiliated to Deportes Iquique
Marcelo Corrales is affiliated to Coquimbo Unido
Marcelo Corrales is affiliated to Club Universidad de Chile
Marcelo Corrales is affiliated to Santiago Wanderers
Krzysztof Janus plays for GKS Bełchatów
Krzysztof Janus plays for KS Cracovia (football)
Krzysztof Janus plays for Wisła Płock
Krzysztof Janus plays for KS Polkowice
Krzysztof Janus plays for Zagłębie Lubin
Krzysztof Janus plays for Zawisza Bydgoszcz
Krzysztof Janus plays for Poland national football team
Krzysztof Janus plays for Lechia Gdańsk
Krzysztof Janus plays for Polonia Warsaw
Krzysztof Janus plays for Arka Gdynia
Espen Nystuen is affiliated to Kongsvinger IL Toppfotball
Espen Nystuen is affiliated to Sandefjord Fotball
Espen Nystuen is affiliated to Stabæk Fotball
Espen Nystuen is affiliated to Lillestrøm SK
Espen Nystuen is affiliated to Stabæk IF
Espen Nystuen is affiliated to Norway national under-21 football team
Espen Nystuen is affiliated to Norway national football team
Espen Nystuen is affiliated to SK Brann
Espen Nystuen is affiliated to HamKam
Espen Nystuen is affiliated to Rosenborg BK
S. Subramaniam (footballer) is affiliated to UPB-MyTeam F.C.
S. Subramaniam (footballer) is affiliated to Malaysia national football team
S. Subramaniam (footballer) is affiliated to Kelantan FA
S. Subramaniam (footballer) is affiliated to Malaysia national under-23 football team
S. Subramaniam (footballer) is affiliated to Johor Darul Takzim F.C.
S. Subramaniam (footballer) is affiliated to Perak FA
S. Subramaniam (footballer) is affiliated to Selangor FA
S. Subramaniam (footballer) is affiliated to Kedah FA
S. Subramaniam (footballer) is affiliated to Felda United F.C.
S. Subramaniam (footballer) is affiliated to Petaling Jaya City F.C.
Mo Harkin is affiliated to Farnborough F.C.
Mo Harkin is affiliated to Havant & Waterlooville F.C.
Mo Harkin is affiliated to Egham Town F.C.
Mo Harkin is affiliated to Aldershot Town F.C.
Mo Harkin is affiliated to Crawley Town F.C.
Mo Harkin is affiliated to Forest Green Rovers F.C.
Mo Harkin is affiliated to Kingstonian F.C.
Mo Harkin is affiliated to Eastbourne Borough F.C.
Mo Harkin is affiliated to Wycombe Wanderers F.C.
Mo Harkin is affiliated to Lewes F.C.
Robert Nauseb has gender male
Robert Nauseb has gender female
Robert Nauseb has gender Tomsk
Robert Nauseb has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Robert Nauseb has gender Democratic Party (United States)
Robert Nauseb has gender Turkey
Robert Nauseb has gender Russia
Robert Nauseb has gender Republican Party (United States)
Robert Nauseb has gender Bulgaria
Robert Nauseb has gender France
Jean-Philippe Dehon is affiliated to SC Hazebrouck
Jean-Philippe Dehon is affiliated to Bourges 18
Jean-Philippe Dehon is affiliated to FC Metz
Jean-Philippe Dehon is affiliated to Olympique de Marseille
Jean-Philippe Dehon is affiliated to Tours FC
Jean-Philippe Dehon is affiliated to F.C. Metz
Jean-Philippe Dehon is affiliated to Tours F.C.
Jean-Philippe Dehon is affiliated to France national football team
Jean-Philippe Dehon is affiliated to RC Lens
Jean-Philippe Dehon is affiliated to R.C. Lens
Mark Warren (footballer) plays for A.F.C. Sudbury
Mark Warren (footballer) plays for King's Lynn F.C.
Mark Warren (footballer) plays for Fisher Athletic F.C.
Mark Warren (footballer) plays for Leyton Orient F.C.
Mark Warren (footballer) plays for Colchester United F.C.
Mark Warren (footballer) plays for Southend United F.C.
Mark Warren (footballer) plays for Oxford United F.C.
Mark Warren (footballer) plays for Notts County F.C.
Mark Warren (footballer) plays for Peterborough United F.C.
Mark Warren (footballer) plays for Cambridge United F.C.
Jorge Trezeguet is affiliated to Estudiantes de Buenos Aires
Jorge Trezeguet is affiliated to Club El Porvenir
Jorge Trezeguet is affiliated to Sportivo Italiano
Jorge Trezeguet is affiliated to Club Almagro
Jorge Trezeguet is affiliated to Chacarita Juniors
Jorge Trezeguet is affiliated to FC Rouen
Jorge Trezeguet is affiliated to Deportivo Español
Jorge Trezeguet is affiliated to Club Atlético Nueva Chicago
Jorge Trezeguet is affiliated to C.A. Chacarita Juniors
Jorge Trezeguet is affiliated to Racing Club de Avellaneda
Leo Lainer plays for SV Austria Salzburg
Leo Lainer plays for Sportverein Austria Salzburg
Leo Lainer plays for F.C. Red Bull Salzburg
Leo Lainer plays for Austria national football team
Leo Lainer plays for FC Red Bull Salzburg
Leo Lainer plays for FC Swarovski Tirol
Leo Lainer plays for SK Rapid Wien
Leo Lainer plays for FC Wacker Innsbruck
Leo Lainer plays for FC Tirol Innsbruck
Leo Lainer plays for FK Austria Wien
Grzegorz Lewandowski has gender male
Grzegorz Lewandowski has gender female
Grzegorz Lewandowski has gender United Kingdom
Grzegorz Lewandowski has gender Tomsk
Grzegorz Lewandowski has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Grzegorz Lewandowski has gender Azerbaijan
Grzegorz Lewandowski has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Grzegorz Lewandowski has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Grzegorz Lewandowski has gender Democratic Party (United States)
Grzegorz Lewandowski has gender London Heathrow Terminal 3
Josef Mifsud is affiliated to Lija Athletic F.C.
Josef Mifsud is affiliated to Msida Saint-Joseph F.C.
Josef Mifsud is affiliated to Valletta F.C.
Josef Mifsud is affiliated to Malta national under-21 football team
Josef Mifsud is affiliated to Sliema Wanderers F.C.
Josef Mifsud is affiliated to Tarxien Rainbows F.C.
Josef Mifsud is affiliated to Malta national football team
Josef Mifsud is affiliated to Marsaxlokk F.C.
Josef Mifsud is affiliated to Birkirkara F.C.
Josef Mifsud is affiliated to Qormi F.C.
Alexsandro Oliveira Duarte is affiliated to Xuan Thanh Sai Gon F.C.
Alexsandro Oliveira Duarte is affiliated to ABC Futebol Clube
Alexsandro Oliveira Duarte is affiliated to Associação Atlética Anapolina
Alexsandro Oliveira Duarte is affiliated to Criciúma Esporte Clube
Alexsandro Oliveira Duarte is affiliated to América Futebol Clube (RN)
Alexsandro Oliveira Duarte is affiliated to Ituano Futebol Clube
Alexsandro Oliveira Duarte is affiliated to Guaratinguetá Futebol
Alexsandro Oliveira Duarte is affiliated to Cruzeiro Esporte Clube
Alexsandro Oliveira Duarte is affiliated to Betim Esporte Clube
Alexsandro Oliveira Duarte is affiliated to Fortaleza Esporte Clube
Laurie Abrahams is affiliated to Barking F.C.
Laurie Abrahams is affiliated to New England Tea Men
Laurie Abrahams is affiliated to California Surf
Laurie Abrahams is affiliated to Kansas City Comets
Laurie Abrahams is affiliated to Wichita Wings
Laurie Abrahams is affiliated to New York Cosmos
Laurie Abrahams is affiliated to San Diego Sockers (1978–96)
Laurie Abrahams is affiliated to Irvine Valley College
Laurie Abrahams is affiliated to Melbourne Knights FC
Laurie Abrahams is affiliated to Tulsa Roughnecks (1978–84)
Ciarán Martyn is affiliated to Glentoran F.C.
Ciarán Martyn is affiliated to Glenavon F.C.
Ciarán Martyn is affiliated to Derry City F.C.
Ciarán Martyn is affiliated to Fredrikstad FK
Ciarán Martyn is affiliated to University College Dublin A.F.C.
Ciarán Martyn is affiliated to Sligo Rovers F.C.
Ciarán Martyn is affiliated to St Patrick's Athletic F.C.
Ciarán Martyn is affiliated to Shamrock Rovers F.C.
Ciarán Martyn is affiliated to Portadown F.C.
Ciarán Martyn is affiliated to Bohemian F.C.
Michel Rodriguez was born in Marseille
Michel Rodriguez was born in Paris
Michel Rodriguez was born in Montpellier
Michel Rodriguez was born in Bondy
Michel Rodriguez was born in Lyon
"Michel Rodriguez was born in Montreuil, Seine-Saint-Denis"
Michel Rodriguez was born in Toulouse
Michel Rodriguez was born in Colombes
Michel Rodriguez was born in Tours
Michel Rodriguez was born in Bordeaux
Rune Bratseth has gender male
Rune Bratseth has gender female
Rune Bratseth has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Rune Bratseth has gender United Kingdom
Rune Bratseth has gender Tomsk
Rune Bratseth has gender Bulgaria
Rune Bratseth has gender Azerbaijan
Rune Bratseth has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Rune Bratseth has gender France
Rune Bratseth has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Vladimir Mayakovsky is citizen of Russian Empire
Vladimir Mayakovsky is citizen of Russia
Vladimir Mayakovsky is citizen of Soviet Union
Vladimir Mayakovsky is citizen of Germany
Vladimir Mayakovsky is citizen of United States
Vladimir Mayakovsky is citizen of France
Vladimir Mayakovsky is citizen of United Kingdom
Vladimir Mayakovsky is citizen of Ukraine
Vladimir Mayakovsky is citizen of Italy
Vladimir Mayakovsky is citizen of Austria-Hungary
Tom Fletcher has musical role wordnet uke 104506289
Tom Fletcher has musical role wordnet drum 103249569
Tom Fletcher has musical role wordnet bass guitar 102804123
Tom Fletcher has musical role wordnet vocal music 107282006
Tom Fletcher has musical role wordnet piano 103928116
Tom Fletcher has musical role wordnet guitar 103467517
Tom Fletcher has musical role wordnet keyboard 103614007
Tom Fletcher has musical role wordnet percussion 100545059
Tom Fletcher has musical role wordnet harmonica 103494278
Tom Fletcher has musical role wordnet synthesist 110687231
Jan Hošek plays for SK Slavia Prague
Jan Hošek plays for KS Cracovia (football)
Jan Hošek plays for Czech Republic national under-21 football team
Jan Hošek plays for FK Baník Sokolov
Jan Hošek plays for FK Teplice
Jan Hošek plays for FC Viktoria Plzeň
Jan Hošek plays for Czech Republic national football team
Jan Hošek plays for AC Sparta Prague
Jan Hošek plays for Czech Republic national under-19 football team
Jan Hošek plays for FC Zbrojovka Brno
Julius Sterling Morton is politician of Nebraska
Julius Sterling Morton is politician of Nebraska Territory
Julius Sterling Morton is politician of United States
Julius Sterling Morton is politician of France
Julius Sterling Morton is politician of Illinois
Julius Sterling Morton is politician of Italy
Julius Sterling Morton is politician of Germany
Julius Sterling Morton is politician of California
Julius Sterling Morton is politician of Poland
Julius Sterling Morton is politician of Massachusetts
Richard Marshall (general) has won prize Philippine Liberation Medal
Richard Marshall (general) has won prize Order of Orange-Nassau
Richard Marshall (general) has won prize Distinguished Service Cross (United States)
Richard Marshall (general) has won prize Legion of Merit
Richard Marshall (general) has won prize Distinguished Service Medal (U.S. Army)
Richard Marshall (general) has won prize Silver Star
Richard Marshall (general) has won prize Legion of Honour
Richard Marshall (general) has won prize Bronze Star Medal
Richard Marshall (general) has won prize Distinguished Service Medal
Richard Marshall (general) has won prize Purple Heart
Mauro Rafael da Silva plays for Pedrabranca Futebol Clube
Mauro Rafael da Silva plays for Esporte Clube Pelotas
Mauro Rafael da Silva plays for Clube Esportivo Bento Gonçalves
Mauro Rafael da Silva plays for Esporte Clube Novo Hamburgo
Mauro Rafael da Silva plays for Sociedade Esportiva e Recreativa Caxias do Sul
Mauro Rafael da Silva plays for South China AA
Mauro Rafael da Silva plays for Fluminense FC
Mauro Rafael da Silva plays for Cruzeiro Esporte Clube
Mauro Rafael da Silva plays for FC Lausanne-Sport
Mauro Rafael da Silva plays for Grêmio Foot-Ball Porto Alegrense
Ryan Dickson is affiliated to Crawley Town F.C.
Ryan Dickson is affiliated to Plymouth Argyle F.C.
Ryan Dickson is affiliated to Brentford F.C.
Ryan Dickson is affiliated to Torquay United F.C.
Ryan Dickson is affiliated to Yeovil Town F.C.
Ryan Dickson is affiliated to Colchester United F.C.
Ryan Dickson is affiliated to Leyton Orient F.C.
Ryan Dickson is affiliated to Bradford City A.F.C.
Ryan Dickson is affiliated to Southampton F.C.
Ryan Dickson is affiliated to Exeter City F.C.
David Louhoungou has gender male
David Louhoungou has gender female
David Louhoungou has gender Brazil
David Louhoungou has gender United Kingdom
David Louhoungou has gender Azerbaijan
David Louhoungou has gender Tomsk
David Louhoungou has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
David Louhoungou has gender Germany
David Louhoungou has gender Turkey
David Louhoungou has gender Italy
Diego Simeone plays for Argentina national football team
Diego Simeone plays for Argentina national under-20 football team
Diego Simeone plays for Argentina national under-23 football team
Diego Simeone plays for Inter Milan
Diego Simeone plays for Racing Club de Avellaneda
Diego Simeone plays for S.S. Lazio
Diego Simeone plays for Atlético Madrid
Diego Simeone plays for A.C. Pisa 1909
Diego Simeone plays for Sevilla FC
Diego Simeone plays for Club Atlético Vélez Sarsfield
David Kramer (soccer) plays for California Jaguars
"David Kramer (soccer) plays for California State University, Fresno"
David Kramer (soccer) plays for San Jose Earthquakes
David Kramer (soccer) plays for Colorado Rapids
David Kramer (soccer) plays for LA Galaxy
David Kramer (soccer) plays for Colorado Foxes
David Kramer (soccer) plays for Los Angeles Galaxy
David Kramer (soccer) plays for San Francisco Bay Blackhawks
David Kramer (soccer) plays for United States men's national soccer team
David Kramer (soccer) plays for Greek-American A.C.
Sultan Abdul Aziz Shah Airport is located in Peninsular Malaysia
Sultan Abdul Aziz Shah Airport is located in Kuala Lumpur International Airport
Sultan Abdul Aziz Shah Airport is located in Penang
Sultan Abdul Aziz Shah Airport is located in Sultan Abdul Aziz Shah Airport
Sultan Abdul Aziz Shah Airport is located in Malaysia Airlines
Sultan Abdul Aziz Shah Airport is located in Singapore Changi Airport
Sultan Abdul Aziz Shah Airport is located in Indonesia
Sultan Abdul Aziz Shah Airport is located in Sarawak
Sultan Abdul Aziz Shah Airport is located in Kuala Namu International Airport
Sultan Abdul Aziz Shah Airport is located in Sepang
Darren Annon is affiliated to Kingstonian F.C.
Darren Annon is affiliated to Redbridge F.C.
Darren Annon is affiliated to Carshalton Athletic F.C.
Darren Annon is affiliated to Tooting & Mitcham United F.C.
Darren Annon is affiliated to Farnborough F.C.
Darren Annon is affiliated to Enfield 1893 F.C.
Darren Annon is affiliated to Margate F.C.
Darren Annon is affiliated to Brentford F.C.
Darren Annon is affiliated to Guildford City F.C.
Darren Annon is affiliated to Havant & Waterlooville F.C.
Philip Obhafuoso plays for USV Eschen/Mauren
Philip Obhafuoso plays for SC Kriens
Philip Obhafuoso plays for FC Vaduz
Philip Obhafuoso plays for FC Winterthur
Philip Obhafuoso plays for Heartland F.C.
Philip Obhafuoso plays for FC St. Gallen
Philip Obhafuoso plays for FC Luzern
Philip Obhafuoso plays for Liechtenstein national football team
Philip Obhafuoso plays for Nigeria national football team
Philip Obhafuoso plays for Grasshopper Club Zürich
Stanley Baker has gender male
Stanley Baker has gender female
Stanley Baker has gender Paris
Stanley Baker has gender France
Stanley Baker has gender United Kingdom
Stanley Baker has gender South Korea
Stanley Baker has gender United States
Stanley Baker has gender Ukraine
Stanley Baker has gender London
Stanley Baker has gender Germany
Ahmad Momenzadeh is affiliated to Sepahan Isfahan F.C.
Ahmad Momenzadeh is affiliated to Parseh Tehran F.C.
Ahmad Momenzadeh is affiliated to Rah Ahan Sorinet F.C.
Ahmad Momenzadeh is affiliated to Aluminium Hormozgan F.C.
Ahmad Momenzadeh is affiliated to Saipa F.C.
Ahmad Momenzadeh is affiliated to Payam Mashhad F.C.
Ahmad Momenzadeh is affiliated to Esteghlal F.C.
Ahmad Momenzadeh is affiliated to Iran national football team
Ahmad Momenzadeh is affiliated to Foolad F.C.
Ahmad Momenzadeh is affiliated to Iran national under-23 football team
Ibón Gutiérrez plays for Sestao River Club
Ibón Gutiérrez plays for Athletic Bilbao B
Ibón Gutiérrez plays for CD Basconia
Ibón Gutiérrez plays for Alicante CF
Ibón Gutiérrez plays for Deportivo Alavés
Ibón Gutiérrez plays for UE Sant Andreu
Ibón Gutiérrez plays for CD Numancia
Ibón Gutiérrez plays for Athletic Bilbao
Ibón Gutiérrez plays for CD Castellón
Ibón Gutiérrez plays for Albacete Balompié
Maksym Feshchuk is affiliated to FC Karpaty-3 Lviv
Maksym Feshchuk is affiliated to FC Karpaty-2 Lviv
Maksym Feshchuk is affiliated to Ukraine national under-21 football team
Maksym Feshchuk is affiliated to FC Karpaty Lviv
Maksym Feshchuk is affiliated to Ukraine national football team
Maksym Feshchuk is affiliated to Ukraine national under-19 football team
Maksym Feshchuk is affiliated to SC Tavriya Simferopol
Maksym Feshchuk is affiliated to S.K. Tavriya Simferopol
Maksym Feshchuk is affiliated to Ukraine national under-18 football team
Maksym Feshchuk is affiliated to FC Arsenal Kyiv
Aleix Vidal is affiliated to CF Pobla de Mafumet
Aleix Vidal is affiliated to UD Almería B
Aleix Vidal is affiliated to RCD Espanyol B
Aleix Vidal is affiliated to RCD Mallorca B
Aleix Vidal is affiliated to Gimnàstic de Tarragona
Aleix Vidal is affiliated to Catalonia national football team
Aleix Vidal is affiliated to Panthrakikos F.C.
Aleix Vidal is affiliated to UD Almería
Aleix Vidal is affiliated to RCD Espanyol
Aleix Vidal is affiliated to R.C.D. Espanyol de Barcelona
Étienne Sansonetti is affiliated to S.C. Bastia
Étienne Sansonetti is affiliated to Olympique de Marseille
Étienne Sansonetti is affiliated to SC Bastia
Étienne Sansonetti is affiliated to Gazélec Ajaccio
Étienne Sansonetti is affiliated to AC Ajaccio
Étienne Sansonetti is affiliated to Angers SCO
Étienne Sansonetti is affiliated to Valenciennes FC
Étienne Sansonetti is affiliated to AS Monaco FC
Étienne Sansonetti is affiliated to Valenciennes F.C.
Étienne Sansonetti is affiliated to A.C. Ajaccio
Norbert Sipos is affiliated to Szombathelyi Haladás
Norbert Sipos is affiliated to FC Ajka
Norbert Sipos is affiliated to Nyíregyháza Spartacus FC
Norbert Sipos is affiliated to FC Tatabánya
Norbert Sipos is affiliated to Lombard-Pápa TFC
Norbert Sipos is affiliated to FC Sopron
Norbert Sipos is affiliated to Pécsi MFC
Norbert Sipos is affiliated to BFC Siófok
Norbert Sipos is affiliated to Nea Salamis Famagusta FC
Norbert Sipos is affiliated to Debreceni VSC
Meshach Wade plays for PHC Zebras
Meshach Wade plays for Dandy Town Hornets F.C.
Meshach Wade plays for Harrisburg Heat
Meshach Wade plays for Hereford United F.C.
Meshach Wade plays for Bermuda national football team
Meshach Wade plays for Bermuda Hogges
Meshach Wade plays for Philadelphia KiXX
Meshach Wade plays for Virginia Beach Mariners
Meshach Wade plays for Cleveland Crunch
Meshach Wade plays for Torquay United F.C.
Łukasz Teodorczyk plays for Poland national under-21 football team
Łukasz Teodorczyk plays for Poland national under-20 football team
Łukasz Teodorczyk plays for Polonia Warsaw
Łukasz Teodorczyk plays for Poland national football team
Łukasz Teodorczyk plays for Lech Poznań
Łukasz Teodorczyk plays for Poland national under-19 football team
Łukasz Teodorczyk plays for Legia Warsaw
Łukasz Teodorczyk plays for Wisła Kraków
Łukasz Teodorczyk plays for Amica Wronki
Łukasz Teodorczyk plays for Górnik Zabrze
Cristian Ianu plays for FC Aarau
Cristian Ianu plays for AC Bellinzona
Cristian Ianu plays for FC Luzern
Cristian Ianu plays for Romania national under-19 football team
Cristian Ianu plays for FC UTA Arad
Cristian Ianu plays for FC Sion
Cristian Ianu plays for FC Wohlen
Cristian Ianu plays for Grasshopper Club Zürich
Cristian Ianu plays for FC Dinamo București
Cristian Ianu plays for Romania national under-17 football team
"Montgomery, Ohio is located in Hamilton County, Ohio"
"Montgomery, Ohio is located in United States"
"Montgomery, Ohio is located in Hamilton County (Ohio)"
"Montgomery, Ohio is located in California"
"Montgomery, Ohio is located in United Kingdom"
"Montgomery, Ohio is located in India"
"Montgomery, Ohio is located in France"
"Montgomery, Ohio is located in Poland"
"Montgomery, Ohio is located in Canada"
"Montgomery, Ohio is located in Japan"
Matteo Darmian has gender male
Matteo Darmian has gender female
Matteo Darmian has gender United States
Matteo Darmian has gender United Kingdom
Matteo Darmian has gender Qatar
Matteo Darmian has gender Africa
Matteo Darmian has gender Germany
Matteo Darmian has gender United Arab Emirates
Matteo Darmian has gender Bulgaria
Matteo Darmian has gender Golden Globe Award
Henry VII of England is married to Elizabeth of York
Henry VII of England is married to Henry VII of England
"Henry VII of England is married to Mary Tudor, Queen of France"
Henry VII of England is married to Henry VIII of England
Henry VII of England is married to Margaret Tudor
Henry VII of England is married to Ferdinand II of Aragon
Henry VII of England is married to Catherine of Aragon
Henry VII of England is married to Henrietta Maria of France
Henry VII of England is married to Anne of Brittany
Henry VII of England is married to Elizabeth Woodville
Steve Cropper has gender male
Steve Cropper has gender female
Steve Cropper has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Steve Cropper has gender César Award
Steve Cropper has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Steve Cropper has gender United Kingdom
Steve Cropper has gender London Heathrow Terminal 3
Steve Cropper has gender London Heathrow Terminal 1
Steve Cropper has gender Golden Globe Award
Steve Cropper has gender wordnet chemical 114806838
Emily Haines has musical role wordnet tambourine 104387400
Emily Haines has musical role wordnet harmonica 103494278
Emily Haines has musical role wordnet piano 103928116
Emily Haines has musical role wordnet guitar 103467517
Emily Haines has musical role wordnet keyboard 103614007
Emily Haines has musical role wordnet vocal music 107282006
Emily Haines has musical role wordnet drum 103249569
Emily Haines has musical role wordnet bass guitar 102804123
Emily Haines has musical role wordnet percussion 100545059
Emily Haines has musical role wordnet synthesist 110687231
Hakan Çalhanoğlu plays for SV Waldhof Mannheim
Hakan Çalhanoğlu plays for Turkey national youth football team
Hakan Çalhanoğlu plays for Turkey national under-17 football team
Hakan Çalhanoğlu plays for Karlsruher SC
Hakan Çalhanoğlu plays for Hamburger SV
Hakan Çalhanoğlu plays for Turkey national under-21 football team
Hakan Çalhanoğlu plays for Turkey national under-19 football team
Hakan Çalhanoğlu plays for Hamburger SV II
Hakan Çalhanoğlu plays for Germany national under-21 football team
Hakan Çalhanoğlu plays for VfR Mannheim
Aloísio Pires Alves was born in Porto Alegre
Aloísio Pires Alves was born in São Paulo
Aloísio Pires Alves was born in Rio de Janeiro
Aloísio Pires Alves was born in London
Aloísio Pires Alves was born in São Bernardo do Campo
Aloísio Pires Alves was born in Pelotas
Aloísio Pires Alves was born in Barcelona
Aloísio Pires Alves was born in Erechim
Aloísio Pires Alves was born in Buenos Aires
"Aloísio Pires Alves was born in Santos, São Paulo"
Leonard Boot is affiliated to Caernarfon Town F.C.
Leonard Boot is affiliated to Worcester City F.C.
Leonard Boot is affiliated to Bradford City A.F.C.
Leonard Boot is affiliated to Huddersfield Town F.C.
Leonard Boot is affiliated to Nottingham Forest F.C.
Leonard Boot is affiliated to Fulham F.C.
Leonard Boot is affiliated to York City F.C.
Leonard Boot is affiliated to West Bromwich Albion F.C.
Leonard Boot is affiliated to Birmingham City F.C.
Leonard Boot is affiliated to Sheffield United F.C.
Tom Webb has gender male
Tom Webb has gender female
Tom Webb has gender Tomsk
Tom Webb has gender Turkey
Tom Webb has gender Azerbaijan
Tom Webb has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Tom Webb has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Tom Webb has gender France
Tom Webb has gender Paris
Tom Webb has gender César Award
Adnan Erkan plays for Mersin İdmanyurdu SK
Adnan Erkan plays for Denizlispor
Adnan Erkan plays for Denizli B.S.K.
Adnan Erkan plays for MKE Ankaragücü
Adnan Erkan plays for Turkey national football team
Adnan Erkan plays for Torku Konyaspor
Adnan Erkan plays for Diyarbakırspor
Adnan Erkan plays for Turkey national under-21 football team
Adnan Erkan plays for Trabzonspor
Adnan Erkan plays for Çaykur Rizespor
Moussa Saïb plays for Algeria national football team
Moussa Saïb plays for JSM Tiaret
Moussa Saïb plays for FC Lorient
Moussa Saïb plays for AJ Auxerre
Moussa Saïb plays for Al Nassr FC
Moussa Saïb plays for AS Monaco FC
Moussa Saïb plays for Al Wasl FC
Moussa Saïb plays for JS Kabylie
Moussa Saïb plays for Al-Watani
Moussa Saïb plays for A.J. Auxerre
Alexandru Curtianu plays for Moldova national football team
Alexandru Curtianu plays for FC Zenit Saint Petersburg
Alexandru Curtianu plays for Widzew Łódź
Alexandru Curtianu plays for FC Zimbru Chișinău
Alexandru Curtianu plays for FC Torpedo-ZIL Moscow
Alexandru Curtianu plays for Hamburger SV
Alexandru Curtianu plays for FC Moscow
Alexandru Curtianu plays for F.C. Zenit St. Petersburg
Alexandru Curtianu plays for Moldova national under-21 football team
Alexandru Curtianu plays for Russia national football team
Franklin Clovis Anzité plays for Étoile FC
Franklin Clovis Anzité plays for Trat F.C.
Franklin Clovis Anzité plays for Central African Republic national football team
Franklin Clovis Anzité plays for AC Ajaccio
Franklin Clovis Anzité plays for Samut Songkhram F.C.
Franklin Clovis Anzité plays for FC Martigues
Franklin Clovis Anzité plays for Weymouth F.C.
Franklin Clovis Anzité plays for Swindon Town F.C.
Franklin Clovis Anzité plays for A.C. Ajaccio
Franklin Clovis Anzité plays for Football Club Libourne
Xavier Margairaz is affiliated to Yverdon-Sport FC
Xavier Margairaz is affiliated to FC Lausanne-Sport
Xavier Margairaz is affiliated to FC Sion
Xavier Margairaz is affiliated to Neuchâtel Xamax
Xavier Margairaz is affiliated to Servette FC
Xavier Margairaz is affiliated to CA Osasuna
Xavier Margairaz is affiliated to FC Zürich
Xavier Margairaz is affiliated to Switzerland national football team
Xavier Margairaz is affiliated to C.A. Osasuna
Xavier Margairaz is affiliated to Grasshopper Club Zürich
Romeo Benetti plays for Italy national football team
Romeo Benetti plays for U.C. Sampdoria
Romeo Benetti plays for A.C. Siena
Romeo Benetti plays for A.S. Roma
Romeo Benetti plays for U.S. Città di Palermo
Romeo Benetti plays for Taranto F.C. 1927
Romeo Benetti plays for A.C. Milan
Romeo Benetti plays for Juventus F.C.
Romeo Benetti plays for Carrarese Calcio
Romeo Benetti plays for U.S.D. Pro Cavese
Sergei Salnikov died in Moscow
Sergei Salnikov died in Krasnodar
Sergei Salnikov died in Saint Petersburg
Sergei Salnikov died in Kiev
Sergei Salnikov died in Los Angeles
Sergei Salnikov died in Yekaterinburg
Sergei Salnikov died in London
Sergei Salnikov died in New York City
"Sergei Salnikov died in Samara, Russia"
Sergei Salnikov died in Paris
Krk is located in Adriatic Sea
Krk is located in United States
Krk is located in Poland
Krk is located in Croatia
Krk is located in Krk
Krk is located in Europe
Krk is located in Spain
Krk is located in Dalmatia
Krk is located in France
Krk is located in Iran
Péter Máté (footballer) is affiliated to Szolnoki MÁV FC
Péter Máté (footballer) is affiliated to Debreceni VSC
Péter Máté (footballer) is affiliated to Diósgyőri VTK
Péter Máté (footballer) is affiliated to Hungary national under-21 football team
Péter Máté (footballer) is affiliated to Reading F.C.
Péter Máté (footballer) is affiliated to Hungary national under-19 football team
Péter Máté (footballer) is affiliated to Hungary national football team
Péter Máté (footballer) is affiliated to Újpest FC
Péter Máté (footballer) is affiliated to Nyíregyháza Spartacus FC
Péter Máté (footballer) is affiliated to Vasas SC
Lindsay Lohan has won prize Emmy Award
Lindsay Lohan has won prize Golden Globe Award
Lindsay Lohan has won prize Primetime Emmy Award
Lindsay Lohan has won prize Saturn Award
Lindsay Lohan has won prize Tony Award
Lindsay Lohan has won prize Drama Desk Award
Lindsay Lohan has won prize Film Independent Spirit Awards
Lindsay Lohan has won prize Grammy Award
Lindsay Lohan has won prize Daytime Emmy Award
Lindsay Lohan has won prize Young Artist Award
Juninho Petrolina is affiliated to América Futebol Clube (RN)
Juninho Petrolina is affiliated to Santa Cruz Futebol Clube
Juninho Petrolina is affiliated to Happy Valley AA
Juninho Petrolina is affiliated to S.C. Beira-Mar
Juninho Petrolina is affiliated to Esporte Clube Vitória
Juninho Petrolina is affiliated to Sport Club do Recife
Juninho Petrolina is affiliated to South China AA
Juninho Petrolina is affiliated to ABC Futebol Clube
Juninho Petrolina is affiliated to C.F. Os Belenenses
Juninho Petrolina is affiliated to Kapaz PFK
Mykhaylo Forkash plays for FC Polissya Zhytomyr
Mykhaylo Forkash plays for FC SKVO Rostov-on-Don
Mykhaylo Forkash plays for Soviet Union national football team
Mykhaylo Forkash plays for FC Volyn Lutsk
Mykhaylo Forkash plays for FC Zorya Luhansk
Mykhaylo Forkash plays for FC Hoverla Uzhhorod
Mykhaylo Forkash plays for FC Metalist Kharkiv
Mykhaylo Forkash plays for FC Dynamo Kyiv
Mykhaylo Forkash plays for PFC CSKA Moscow
Mykhaylo Forkash plays for SKA Lviv
Darius Henderson plays for Millwall F.C.
Darius Henderson plays for Watford F.C.
Darius Henderson plays for Brighton & Hove Albion F.C.
Darius Henderson plays for Reading F.C.
Darius Henderson plays for Gillingham F.C.
Darius Henderson plays for Swindon Town F.C.
Darius Henderson plays for Nottingham Forest F.C.
Darius Henderson plays for Sheffield United F.C.
Darius Henderson plays for Doncaster Rovers F.C.
Darius Henderson plays for Tottenham Hotspur F.C.
Nikolay Pavlov (footballer) is affiliated to POFC Rakovski
Nikolay Pavlov (footballer) is affiliated to FC Spartak Plovdiv
Nikolay Pavlov (footballer) is affiliated to PFC Brestnik 1948
Nikolay Pavlov (footballer) is affiliated to PFC Botev Plovdiv
Nikolay Pavlov (footballer) is affiliated to FC Lyubimets 2007
Nikolay Pavlov (footballer) is affiliated to PFC Lokomotiv Sofia
Nikolay Pavlov (footballer) is affiliated to PSFC Chernomorets Burgas
Nikolay Pavlov (footballer) is affiliated to PFC Lokomotiv Plovdiv
Nikolay Pavlov (footballer) is affiliated to FC Maritsa Plovdiv
Nikolay Pavlov (footballer) is affiliated to PFC Cherno More Varna
Gerhard Strack plays for 1. FC Köln
Gerhard Strack plays for Fortuna Düsseldorf
Gerhard Strack plays for FC Basel
Gerhard Strack plays for 1. FC Cologne
Gerhard Strack plays for Germany national football team
Gerhard Strack plays for Bayer 04 Leverkusen
Gerhard Strack plays for Germany national under-21 football team
Gerhard Strack plays for Borussia Mönchengladbach
Gerhard Strack plays for SC Fortuna Köln
Gerhard Strack plays for MSV Duisburg
Kenneth Gustafsson (footballer born 1982) has gender male
Kenneth Gustafsson (footballer born 1982) has gender female
Kenneth Gustafsson (footballer born 1982) has gender Bulgaria
Kenneth Gustafsson (footballer born 1982) has gender Turkey
Kenneth Gustafsson (footballer born 1982) has gender United Kingdom
Kenneth Gustafsson (footballer born 1982) has gender Tomsk
Kenneth Gustafsson (footballer born 1982) has gender Golden Globe Award
Kenneth Gustafsson (footballer born 1982) has gender César Award
Kenneth Gustafsson (footballer born 1982) has gender Azerbaijan
Kenneth Gustafsson (footballer born 1982) has gender France
Victor Obinna plays for Nigeria national football team
Victor Obinna plays for Plateau United F.C.
Victor Obinna plays for Kwara United F.C.
Victor Obinna plays for Enyimba International F.C.
Victor Obinna plays for Málaga CF
Victor Obinna plays for FC Lokomotiv Moscow
Victor Obinna plays for Inter Milan
Victor Obinna plays for West Ham United F.C.
Victor Obinna plays for Málaga C.F.
Victor Obinna plays for A.C. Chievo Verona
Pedro Waldemar Manfredini is affiliated to F.B.C. Unione Venezia
Pedro Waldemar Manfredini is affiliated to Brescia Calcio
Pedro Waldemar Manfredini is affiliated to A.S. Roma
Pedro Waldemar Manfredini is affiliated to Tennis Borussia Berlin
Pedro Waldemar Manfredini is affiliated to Racing Club de Avellaneda
Pedro Waldemar Manfredini is affiliated to Inter Milan
Pedro Waldemar Manfredini is affiliated to A.C. Milan
Pedro Waldemar Manfredini is affiliated to U.S. Città di Palermo
Pedro Waldemar Manfredini is affiliated to Bologna F.C. 1909
Pedro Waldemar Manfredini is affiliated to Genoa C.F.C.
Paul Benson plays for Luton Town F.C.
Paul Benson plays for Dagenham & Redbridge F.C.
Paul Benson plays for Swindon Town F.C.
Paul Benson plays for Charlton Athletic F.C.
Paul Benson plays for Portsmouth F.C.
Paul Benson plays for Cheltenham Town F.C.
Paul Benson plays for Southend United F.C.
Paul Benson plays for England national football C team
Paul Benson plays for Barnet F.C.
Paul Benson plays for Gillingham F.C.
Martin Stranzl plays for TSV 1860 München
Martin Stranzl plays for VfB Stuttgart
Martin Stranzl plays for Borussia Mönchengladbach
Martin Stranzl plays for Austria national football team
Martin Stranzl plays for FC Spartak Moscow
Martin Stranzl plays for Spartak Moscow
Martin Stranzl plays for FK Austria Wien
Martin Stranzl plays for Germany national football team
Martin Stranzl plays for SK Rapid Wien
Martin Stranzl plays for Eintracht Frankfurt
Benjamin Netanyahu is affiliated to Israeli Labor Party
Benjamin Netanyahu is affiliated to Likud
Benjamin Netanyahu is affiliated to Republican Party (United States)
Benjamin Netanyahu is affiliated to Democratic Party (United States)
Benjamin Netanyahu is affiliated to Mapai
Benjamin Netanyahu is affiliated to Kadima Party
Benjamin Netanyahu is affiliated to Kadima
Benjamin Netanyahu is affiliated to Independent (politician)
Benjamin Netanyahu is affiliated to Alignment (political party)
Benjamin Netanyahu is affiliated to Maccabi Tel Aviv B.C.
Éder Bonfim plays for Grêmio Esportivo Inhumense
Éder Bonfim plays for C.F. Estrela da Amadora
Éder Bonfim plays for FC Steaua București
Éder Bonfim plays for S.C. Braga
Éder Bonfim plays for FC Politehnica Timișoara
Éder Bonfim plays for U.D. Leiria
Éder Bonfim plays for Vitória F.C.
Éder Bonfim plays for Khazar Lankaran FK
Éder Bonfim plays for S.L. Benfica
Éder Bonfim plays for FC Gloria Buzău
Andy Lindegaard is affiliated to Truro City F.C.
Andy Lindegaard is affiliated to Aldershot Town F.C.
Andy Lindegaard is affiliated to Crawley Town F.C.
Andy Lindegaard is affiliated to Yeovil Town F.C.
Andy Lindegaard is affiliated to Cheltenham Town F.C.
Andy Lindegaard is affiliated to England national football C team
Andy Lindegaard is affiliated to Forest Green Rovers F.C.
Andy Lindegaard is affiliated to Wycombe Wanderers F.C.
Andy Lindegaard is affiliated to Torquay United F.C.
Andy Lindegaard is affiliated to Plymouth Argyle F.C.
Rio Alderton plays for Aveley F.C.
Rio Alderton plays for Tilbury F.C.
Rio Alderton plays for Redbridge F.C.
Rio Alderton plays for Enfield Town F.C.
Rio Alderton plays for Chelmsford City F.C.
Rio Alderton plays for Wivenhoe Town F.C.
Rio Alderton plays for Sittingbourne F.C.
Rio Alderton plays for Leyton F.C.
Rio Alderton plays for Millwall F.C.
Rio Alderton plays for Ebbsfleet United F.C.
Fethiye is located in Muğla Province
Fethiye is located in Muğla
Fethiye is located in Aegean Region
Fethiye is located in Turkey
Fethiye is located in Aegean Turkey
Fethiye is located in Fethiye
Fethiye is located in Bodrum
Fethiye is located in Dalaman
Fethiye is located in United States
Fethiye is located in Manisa
"Paul Jones (footballer, born 1978) is affiliated to Marine F.C."
"Paul Jones (footballer, born 1978) is affiliated to Vauxhall Motors F.C."
"Paul Jones (footballer, born 1978) is affiliated to Airbus UK Broughton F.C."
"Paul Jones (footballer, born 1978) is affiliated to Leigh Genesis F.C."
"Paul Jones (footballer, born 1978) is affiliated to Altrincham F.C."
"Paul Jones (footballer, born 1978) is affiliated to Droylsden F.C."
"Paul Jones (footballer, born 1978) is affiliated to Hyde F.C."
"Paul Jones (footballer, born 1978) is affiliated to Barrow A.F.C."
"Paul Jones (footballer, born 1978) is affiliated to Tranmere Rovers F.C."
"Paul Jones (footballer, born 1978) is affiliated to Oldham Athletic A.F.C."
Shingo Suzuki is affiliated to Yokogawa Musashino FC
Shingo Suzuki is affiliated to Albirex Niigata
Shingo Suzuki is affiliated to Albirex Niigata Singapore FC
Shingo Suzuki is affiliated to Urawa Red Diamonds
Shingo Suzuki is affiliated to Oita Trinita
Shingo Suzuki is affiliated to Kyoto Sanga F.C.
Shingo Suzuki is affiliated to Tokyo Verdy
Shingo Suzuki is affiliated to Giravanz Kitakyushu
Shingo Suzuki is affiliated to Japan national football team
Shingo Suzuki is affiliated to Vissel Kobe
Alan O'Neill (footballer born 1957) plays for University College Dublin A.F.C.
Alan O'Neill (footballer born 1957) plays for Sligo Rovers F.C.
Alan O'Neill (footballer born 1957) plays for League of Ireland XI
Alan O'Neill (footballer born 1957) plays for Dundalk F.C.
Alan O'Neill (footballer born 1957) plays for Republic of Ireland national under-21 football team
Alan O'Neill (footballer born 1957) plays for Shamrock Rovers F.C.
Alan O'Neill (footballer born 1957) plays for Republic of Ireland national football team
Alan O'Neill (footballer born 1957) plays for St Patrick's Athletic F.C.
Alan O'Neill (footballer born 1957) plays for Bohemian F.C.
Alan O'Neill (footballer born 1957) plays for Derry City F.C.
Joseph Keller works at Stanford University
Joseph Keller works at New York University
Joseph Keller works at Institute for Advanced Study
Joseph Keller works at Princeton University
Joseph Keller works at Massachusetts Institute of Technology
Joseph Keller works at Harvard University
Joseph Keller works at California Institute of Technology
Joseph Keller works at Yale University
Joseph Keller works at University of Chicago
Joseph Keller works at Columbia University
Paul Comstive has gender male
Paul Comstive has gender female
Paul Comstive has gender United Kingdom
Paul Comstive has gender Turkey
Paul Comstive has gender Golden Globe Award
Paul Comstive has gender Tomsk
Paul Comstive has gender United States
Paul Comstive has gender Germany
Paul Comstive has gender Brazil
Paul Comstive has gender France
Gwak Kyung-keun is affiliated to Korea University
Gwak Kyung-keun is affiliated to Busan IPark
Gwak Kyung-keun is affiliated to Bucheon FC 1995
Gwak Kyung-keun is affiliated to South Korea national under-23 football team
Gwak Kyung-keun is affiliated to Urawa Red Diamonds
Gwak Kyung-keun is affiliated to South Korea national football team
Gwak Kyung-keun is affiliated to FC Seoul
Gwak Kyung-keun is affiliated to South Korea national under-20 football team
Gwak Kyung-keun is affiliated to Suwon Samsung Bluewings
Gwak Kyung-keun is affiliated to Ulsan Hyundai FC
Mikel Arce plays for CD Alfaro
Mikel Arce plays for CD Numancia B
Mikel Arce plays for CD Calahorra
Mikel Arce plays for CE Constància
Mikel Arce plays for Real Sociedad B
Mikel Arce plays for CD Logroñés
Mikel Arce plays for Lorca Deportiva CF
Mikel Arce plays for SD Lemona
Mikel Arce plays for 12 de Octubre Football Club
Mikel Arce plays for San Jose Earthquakes
Jean Michel Jarre is married to Anne Parillaud
Jean Michel Jarre is married to Charlotte Rampling
Jean Michel Jarre is married to Jean Michel Jarre
Jean Michel Jarre is married to Élodie Bouchez
Jean Michel Jarre is married to Peggy Lipton
Jean Michel Jarre is married to Bridget Fonda
Jean Michel Jarre is married to Olivier Martinez
Jean Michel Jarre is married to Pamela Anderson
Jean Michel Jarre is married to Linda McCartney
Jean Michel Jarre is married to Emma Roberts
Alejandro Bedoya plays for Fairleigh Dickinson University
Alejandro Bedoya plays for Boston College Eagles
Alejandro Bedoya plays for Örebro SK
Alejandro Bedoya plays for Helsingborgs IF
Alejandro Bedoya plays for FC Nantes
Alejandro Bedoya plays for Boston College
Alejandro Bedoya plays for F.C. Nantes
Alejandro Bedoya plays for Rangers F.C.
Alejandro Bedoya plays for United States national soccer team
Alejandro Bedoya plays for United States men's national soccer team
Ruben Pereira is affiliated to Uruguay national football team
Ruben Pereira is affiliated to Club Nacional de Football
Ruben Pereira is affiliated to U.S. Cremonese
Ruben Pereira is affiliated to Boca Juniors
Ruben Pereira is affiliated to Danubio F.C.
Ruben Pereira is affiliated to Peñarol
Ruben Pereira is affiliated to Defensor Sporting
Ruben Pereira is affiliated to C.A. Bella Vista
Ruben Pereira is affiliated to Club Atlético River Plate (Montevideo)
Ruben Pereira is affiliated to Uruguay national under-20 football team
Krzysztof Kotorowski is affiliated to Dyskobolia Grodzisk Wielkopolski
Krzysztof Kotorowski is affiliated to pl/Błękitni Stargard Szczeciński
Krzysztof Kotorowski is affiliated to de/Olimpia Posen
Krzysztof Kotorowski is affiliated to Lech Poznań
Krzysztof Kotorowski is affiliated to Manchester United F.C.
Krzysztof Kotorowski is affiliated to Poland national football team
Krzysztof Kotorowski is affiliated to Warta Poznań
Krzysztof Kotorowski is affiliated to Polonia Warsaw
Krzysztof Kotorowski is affiliated to Amica Wronki
Krzysztof Kotorowski is affiliated to Legia Warsaw
Scott Joplin has gender male
Scott Joplin has gender female
Scott Joplin has gender United Kingdom
Scott Joplin has gender César Award
Scott Joplin has gender English language
Scott Joplin has gender Turkey
Scott Joplin has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Scott Joplin has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Scott Joplin has gender Golden Globe Award
Scott Joplin has gender France
Jovino Soares Viana Júnior plays for FC Vilnius
Jovino Soares Viana Júnior plays for Grêmio Osasco Audax Esporte Clube
Jovino Soares Viana Júnior plays for Clube Atlético Juventus
Jovino Soares Viana Júnior plays for ŁKS Łódź
Jovino Soares Viana Júnior plays for América Futebol Clube (RN)
Jovino Soares Viana Júnior plays for Grêmio Barueri Futebol
Jovino Soares Viana Júnior plays for Jagiellonia Białystok
Jovino Soares Viana Júnior plays for Associação Portuguesa de Desportos
Jovino Soares Viana Júnior plays for Pogoń Szczecin
Jovino Soares Viana Júnior plays for Clube Atlético Bragantino
Michael Tarnat plays for Hannover 96
Michael Tarnat plays for Karlsruher SC
Michael Tarnat plays for MSV Duisburg
Michael Tarnat plays for Germany national football team
Michael Tarnat plays for Manchester City F.C.
Michael Tarnat plays for FC Bayern Munich
Michael Tarnat plays for Germany national under-21 football team
Michael Tarnat plays for VfB Stuttgart
Michael Tarnat plays for Borussia Dortmund
Michael Tarnat plays for Hamburger SV
"Paul Jones (footballer, born 1978) was born in Liverpool"
"Paul Jones (footballer, born 1978) was born in Manchester"
"Paul Jones (footballer, born 1978) was born in Birkenhead"
"Paul Jones (footballer, born 1978) was born in Warrington"
"Paul Jones (footballer, born 1978) was born in Blackpool"
"Paul Jones (footballer, born 1978) was born in Oldham"
"Paul Jones (footballer, born 1978) was born in Leeds"
"Paul Jones (footballer, born 1978) was born in Huyton"
"Paul Jones (footballer, born 1978) was born in Preston, Lancashire"
"Paul Jones (footballer, born 1978) was born in City of Salford"
Adrian Serioux plays for Toronto FC
Adrian Serioux plays for FC Dallas
Adrian Serioux plays for Canada men's national soccer team
Adrian Serioux plays for Toronto Lynx
Adrian Serioux plays for Houston Dynamo
Adrian Serioux plays for Toronto F.C.
Adrian Serioux plays for Canada national soccer team
Adrian Serioux plays for F.C. Dallas
Adrian Serioux plays for Millwall F.C.
Adrian Serioux plays for University of New Haven
Pape Samba Ba is affiliated to MKP Pogoń Siedlce
Pape Samba Ba is affiliated to Shamkir FK
Pape Samba Ba is affiliated to FK Karvan
Pape Samba Ba is affiliated to ASC Jeanne d'Arc
Pape Samba Ba is affiliated to Odra Opole
Pape Samba Ba is affiliated to Karvan FK
Pape Samba Ba is affiliated to Znicz Pruszków
Pape Samba Ba is affiliated to KSZO Ostrowiec Świętokrzyski
Pape Samba Ba is affiliated to KS Polkowice
Pape Samba Ba is affiliated to Senegal national football team
Carlo Annovazzi is affiliated to Aurora Pro Patria 1919
Carlo Annovazzi is affiliated to Atalanta B.C.
Carlo Annovazzi is affiliated to A.C. Milan
Carlo Annovazzi is affiliated to A.C. Ancona
Carlo Annovazzi is affiliated to Italy national football team
Carlo Annovazzi is affiliated to Inter Milan
Carlo Annovazzi is affiliated to Juventus F.C.
Carlo Annovazzi is affiliated to Italy national under-21 football team
Carlo Annovazzi is affiliated to Calcio Padova
Carlo Annovazzi is affiliated to S.S. Lazio
Samed Abdul Awudu plays for Bnei Sakhnin F.C.
Samed Abdul Awudu plays for Maccabi Netanya F.C.
Samed Abdul Awudu plays for Ratchaburi F.C.
Samed Abdul Awudu plays for Ghana national under-17 football team
Samed Abdul Awudu plays for Hapoel Ramat Gan Giv'atayim F.C.
Samed Abdul Awudu plays for Accra Hearts of Oak SC
Samed Abdul Awudu plays for SC Bregenz
Samed Abdul Awudu plays for Hapoel Ironi Acre F.C.
Samed Abdul Awudu plays for FC Senec
Samed Abdul Awudu plays for Ghana national football team
Gmina Siedlisko is located in Nowa Sól County
Gmina Siedlisko is located in United States
Gmina Siedlisko is located in Poland
Gmina Siedlisko is located in Lubusz Voivodeship
Gmina Siedlisko is located in Masovian Voivodeship
Gmina Siedlisko is located in Iran
Gmina Siedlisko is located in India
Gmina Siedlisko is located in Gmina Nowa Sól
Gmina Siedlisko is located in Podkarpackie Voivodeship
Gmina Siedlisko is located in Lower Silesian Voivodeship
Lazăr Sfera has gender male
Lazăr Sfera has gender female
Lazăr Sfera has gender Azerbaijan
Lazăr Sfera has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Lazăr Sfera has gender César Award
Lazăr Sfera has gender United Kingdom
Lazăr Sfera has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Lazăr Sfera has gender Germany
Lazăr Sfera has gender London Heathrow Terminal 3
Lazăr Sfera has gender United States
Trevor Cilia has gender male
Trevor Cilia has gender female
Trevor Cilia has gender wordnet chemical 114806838
Trevor Cilia has gender wordnet plastic 114592610
Trevor Cilia has gender Azerbaijan
Trevor Cilia has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Trevor Cilia has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Trevor Cilia has gender Brazil
Trevor Cilia has gender Erasmus Prize
Trevor Cilia has gender London Heathrow Terminal 3
Zlatan Azinović plays for Sweden national under-19 football team
Zlatan Azinović plays for Sweden national under-17 football team
Zlatan Azinović plays for Kalmar FF
Zlatan Azinović plays for Trelleborgs FF
Zlatan Azinović plays for Sweden national under-21 football team
Zlatan Azinović plays for Malmö FF
Zlatan Azinović plays for Sweden national football team
Zlatan Azinović plays for IF Limhamn Bunkeflo
Zlatan Azinović plays for Helsingborgs IF
Zlatan Azinović plays for Halmstads BK
Richard Walker (footballer born 1977) plays for Solihull Moors F.C.
Richard Walker (footballer born 1977) plays for Wycombe Wanderers F.C.
Richard Walker (footballer born 1977) plays for Shrewsbury Town F.C.
Richard Walker (footballer born 1977) plays for Northampton Town F.C.
Richard Walker (footballer born 1977) plays for Burton Albion F.C.
Richard Walker (footballer born 1977) plays for Aston Villa F.C.
Richard Walker (footballer born 1977) plays for Cambridge United F.C.
Richard Walker (footballer born 1977) plays for Bristol Rovers F.C.
Richard Walker (footballer born 1977) plays for Oxford United F.C.
Richard Walker (footballer born 1977) plays for Blackpool F.C.
Vincent Gallo directed The Brown Bunny
"Vincent Gallo directed Truth or Consequences, N.M. (film)"
Vincent Gallo directed Arizona Dream
Vincent Gallo directed Buffalo '66
Vincent Gallo directed Tetro
Vincent Gallo directed L.A. Without a Map
Vincent Gallo directed The Funeral (1996 film)
Vincent Gallo directed Vincent Gallo
"Vincent Gallo directed New York, I Love You"
Vincent Gallo directed All the Invisible Children
Cayetano Ré plays for Elche CF
Cayetano Ré plays for RCD Espanyol
Cayetano Ré plays for Paraguay national football team
Cayetano Ré plays for Terrassa FC
Cayetano Ré plays for FC Barcelona
Cayetano Ré plays for Elche C.F.
Cayetano Ré plays for Club Guaraní
Cayetano Ré plays for Cerro Porteño
Cayetano Ré plays for CD Eldense
Cayetano Ré plays for UD Almería
Wisdom Fofo Agbo is affiliated to Southern District RSA
Wisdom Fofo Agbo is affiliated to Sun Pegasus FC
Wisdom Fofo Agbo is affiliated to Harbin Yiteng F.C.
Wisdom Fofo Agbo is affiliated to Hong Kong Rangers FC
Wisdom Fofo Agbo is affiliated to Hong Kong national football team
Wisdom Fofo Agbo is affiliated to South China AA
Wisdom Fofo Agbo is affiliated to Kitchee SC
Wisdom Fofo Agbo is affiliated to Sun Hei SC
Wisdom Fofo Agbo is affiliated to Eastern AA
Wisdom Fofo Agbo is affiliated to Yokohama FC Hong Kong
Darryl Knights is affiliated to England national under-17 football team
Darryl Knights is affiliated to Solihull Moors F.C.
Darryl Knights is affiliated to England national under-16 football team
Darryl Knights is affiliated to Yeovil Town F.C.
Darryl Knights is affiliated to Kidderminster Harriers F.C.
Darryl Knights is affiliated to Ipswich Town F.C.
Darryl Knights is affiliated to Cambridge United F.C.
Darryl Knights is affiliated to Newport County A.F.C.
Darryl Knights is affiliated to England national under-18 football team
Darryl Knights is affiliated to England national under-19 football team
Gábor Gyepes is affiliated to Ferencvárosi TC
Gábor Gyepes is affiliated to Sarawak FA
Gábor Gyepes is affiliated to Vasas SC
Gábor Gyepes is affiliated to Videoton FC
Gábor Gyepes is affiliated to Portsmouth F.C.
Gábor Gyepes is affiliated to Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C.
Gábor Gyepes is affiliated to fr/Ferencváros TC (football)
Gábor Gyepes is affiliated to Cardiff City F.C.
Gábor Gyepes is affiliated to Northampton Town F.C.
Gábor Gyepes is affiliated to Hungary national football team
Elias Vattis plays for ASIL Lysi
Elias Vattis plays for Cyprus national football team
Elias Vattis plays for AEL Limassol
Elias Vattis plays for AC Omonia
Elias Vattis plays for Nea Salamis Famagusta FC
Elias Vattis plays for Ethnikos Achna FC
Elias Vattis plays for Alki Larnaca F.C.
Elias Vattis plays for Aris Limassol F.C.
Elias Vattis plays for Ermis Aradippou
Elias Vattis plays for AEK Larnaca F.C.
Dmytro Tyapushkin plays for FC Sokol Saratov
Dmytro Tyapushkin plays for FC Nyva Ternopil
Dmytro Tyapushkin plays for FC Desna Chernihiv
Dmytro Tyapushkin plays for FC Dynamo Moscow
Dmytro Tyapushkin plays for PFC CSKA Moscow
Dmytro Tyapushkin plays for FC MVD Rossii Moscow
Dmytro Tyapushkin plays for FC Yenisey Krasnoyarsk
Dmytro Tyapushkin plays for F.C. Dynamo Moscow
Dmytro Tyapushkin plays for FC Spartak Moscow
Dmytro Tyapushkin plays for Spartak Moscow
A. J. Wood plays for Virginia Cavaliers men's soccer
A. J. Wood plays for D.C. United
A. J. Wood plays for Columbus Crew
A. J. Wood plays for New York Red Bulls
A. J. Wood plays for United States men's national under-23 soccer team
A. J. Wood plays for United States men's national under-17 soccer team
A. J. Wood plays for United States men's national under-20 soccer team
A. J. Wood plays for United States men's national soccer team
A. J. Wood plays for LA Galaxy
A. J. Wood plays for Colorado Rapids
Rhys Wilmot plays for Torquay United F.C.
Rhys Wilmot plays for Crystal Palace F.C.
Rhys Wilmot plays for Swansea City A.F.C.
Rhys Wilmot plays for Plymouth Argyle F.C.
Rhys Wilmot plays for Leyton Orient F.C.
Rhys Wilmot plays for Arsenal F.C.
Rhys Wilmot plays for Grimsby Town F.C.
Rhys Wilmot plays for Hereford United F.C.
Rhys Wilmot plays for Brentford F.C.
Rhys Wilmot plays for Cardiff City F.C.
Gavin Holligan is affiliated to Lewes F.C.
Gavin Holligan is affiliated to Hornchurch F.C.
Gavin Holligan is affiliated to Crawley Town F.C.
Gavin Holligan is affiliated to Havant & Waterlooville F.C.
Gavin Holligan is affiliated to Wycombe Wanderers F.C.
Gavin Holligan is affiliated to West Ham United F.C.
Gavin Holligan is affiliated to Leyton Orient F.C.
Gavin Holligan is affiliated to Exeter City F.C.
Gavin Holligan is affiliated to Kingstonian F.C.
Gavin Holligan is affiliated to Grays Athletic F.C.
Leonardo Augusto Vieira Moreira is affiliated to Blaublitz Akita
Leonardo Augusto Vieira Moreira is affiliated to Giravanz Kitakyushu
Leonardo Augusto Vieira Moreira is affiliated to Sagan Tosu
Leonardo Augusto Vieira Moreira is affiliated to Tokyo Verdy
Leonardo Augusto Vieira Moreira is affiliated to Tochigi SC
Leonardo Augusto Vieira Moreira is affiliated to Tochigi S.C.
Leonardo Augusto Vieira Moreira is affiliated to Yokohama FC
Leonardo Augusto Vieira Moreira is affiliated to Avispa Fukuoka
Leonardo Augusto Vieira Moreira is affiliated to Vegalta Sendai
Leonardo Augusto Vieira Moreira is affiliated to Montedio Yamagata
Jeff Bridges has won prize Independent Spirit Award for Best Male Lead
Jeff Bridges has won prize Saturn Award
Jeff Bridges has won prize Golden Globe Award
Jeff Bridges has won prize Academy Award for Best Actor
Jeff Bridges has won prize Emmy Award
Jeff Bridges has won prize Primetime Emmy Award
Jeff Bridges has won prize Film Independent Spirit Awards
Jeff Bridges has won prize Tony Award
Jeff Bridges has won prize Volpi Cup
Jeff Bridges has won prize Genie Awards
Adam Newton is affiliated to West Ham United F.C.
Adam Newton is affiliated to Peterborough United F.C.
Adam Newton is affiliated to Leyton Orient F.C.
Adam Newton is affiliated to Portsmouth F.C.
Adam Newton is affiliated to Woking F.C.
Adam Newton is affiliated to Brentford F.C.
Adam Newton is affiliated to England national under-21 football team
Adam Newton is affiliated to Luton Town F.C.
Adam Newton is affiliated to Notts County F.C.
Adam Newton is affiliated to Crystal Palace F.C.
Bryan Hughes is affiliated to Scarborough Athletic F.C.
Bryan Hughes is affiliated to Accrington Stanley F.C.
Bryan Hughes is affiliated to Íþróttabandalag Vestmannaeyja
Bryan Hughes is affiliated to Hull City A.F.C.
Bryan Hughes is affiliated to Derby County F.C.
Bryan Hughes is affiliated to Grimsby Town F.C.
Bryan Hughes is affiliated to Wrexham F.C.
Bryan Hughes is affiliated to Birmingham City F.C.
Bryan Hughes is affiliated to Charlton Athletic F.C.
Bryan Hughes is affiliated to Burton Albion F.C.
Feridun Sungur plays for Giresunspor
Feridun Sungur plays for Karşıyaka S.K.
Feridun Sungur plays for Denizlispor
Feridun Sungur plays for Trabzonspor
Feridun Sungur plays for Samsunspor
Feridun Sungur plays for FK Novi Pazar
Feridun Sungur plays for Akçaabat Sebatspor
Feridun Sungur plays for Elazığspor
Feridun Sungur plays for Manisaspor
Feridun Sungur plays for Adanaspor
Dennis Malura plays for 1. FC Union Solingen
Dennis Malura plays for 1. FC Heidenheim
Dennis Malura plays for TSV 1860 München
Dennis Malura plays for FC Rot-Weiß Erfurt
Dennis Malura plays for Wuppertaler SV
Dennis Malura plays for Kickers Offenbach
Dennis Malura plays for Fortuna Düsseldorf
Dennis Malura plays for VfL Osnabrück
Dennis Malura plays for SC Preußen Münster
Dennis Malura plays for Eintracht Frankfurt
Damion Stewart has gender male
Damion Stewart has gender female
Damion Stewart has gender Turkey
Damion Stewart has gender Azerbaijan
Damion Stewart has gender France
Damion Stewart has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Damion Stewart has gender Tomsk
Damion Stewart has gender César Award
Damion Stewart has gender Golden Globe Award
Damion Stewart has gender Democratic Party (United States)
Aleksandr Bubnov plays for FC Dynamo Moscow
Aleksandr Bubnov plays for FC Alania Vladikavkaz
Aleksandr Bubnov plays for Soviet Union national football team
Aleksandr Bubnov plays for Red Star F.C.
Aleksandr Bubnov plays for FC Spartak Moscow
Aleksandr Bubnov plays for F.C. Dynamo Moscow
Aleksandr Bubnov plays for Spartak Moscow
Aleksandr Bubnov plays for FC Lokomotiv Moscow
Aleksandr Bubnov plays for PFC CSKA Moscow
Aleksandr Bubnov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow
Ousseni Zongo plays for Naxxar Lions F.C.
Ousseni Zongo plays for Mosta F.C.
Ousseni Zongo plays for C.D. Tondela
Ousseni Zongo plays for FC Wacker Innsbruck (2002)
Ousseni Zongo plays for Valletta F.C.
Ousseni Zongo plays for Msida Saint-Joseph F.C.
Ousseni Zongo plays for F.C. Arouca
Ousseni Zongo plays for U.D. Leiria
Ousseni Zongo plays for Gil Vicente F.C.
Ousseni Zongo plays for F.C. Wacker Innsbruck
Sepp De Roover plays for K.F.C. Verbroedering Geel
Sepp De Roover plays for FC Eindhoven
Sepp De Roover plays for PSV Eindhoven
Sepp De Roover plays for K.V.C. Westerlo
Sepp De Roover plays for NAC Breda
Sepp De Roover plays for K.S.C. Lokeren Oost-Vlaanderen
Sepp De Roover plays for FC Groningen
Sepp De Roover plays for P.S.V. Eindhoven
Sepp De Roover plays for Belgium national football team
Sepp De Roover plays for Sparta Rotterdam
John Conway (footballer) plays for Bohemian F.C.
John Conway (footballer) plays for Shamrock Rovers F.C.
John Conway (footballer) plays for Fulham F.C.
John Conway (footballer) plays for FC Winterthur
John Conway (footballer) plays for Shelbourne F.C.
John Conway (footballer) plays for League of Ireland XI
John Conway (footballer) plays for Republic of Ireland national football team
John Conway (footballer) plays for Republic of Ireland national under-21 football team
John Conway (footballer) plays for Home Farm F.C.
John Conway (footballer) plays for Dundalk F.C.
Chambéry Airport is connected to Exeter International Airport
Chambéry Airport is connected to Glasgow Airport
Chambéry Airport is connected to East Midlands Airport
Chambéry Airport is connected to Gatwick Airport
Chambéry Airport is connected to Leeds Bradford International Airport
Chambéry Airport is connected to Manchester Airport
Chambéry Airport is connected to Newcastle Airport
Chambéry Airport is connected to Southampton Airport
Chambéry Airport is connected to Bristol Airport
Chambéry Airport is connected to Cardiff Airport
Pittsburgh Steelers is located in Pittsburgh
Pittsburgh Steelers is located in Pennsylvania
Pittsburgh Steelers is located in New York City
Pittsburgh Steelers is located in United States
Pittsburgh Steelers is located in London
Pittsburgh Steelers is located in Chicago
Pittsburgh Steelers is located in Los Angeles
Pittsburgh Steelers is located in Philadelphia
Pittsburgh Steelers is located in Toronto
"Pittsburgh Steelers is located in Washington, D.C."
Francileudo Santos has gender male
Francileudo Santos has gender female
Francileudo Santos has gender United Kingdom
Francileudo Santos has gender Azerbaijan
Francileudo Santos has gender Germany
Francileudo Santos has gender London
Francileudo Santos has gender France
Francileudo Santos has gender Hong Kong
Francileudo Santos has gender Tomsk
Francileudo Santos has gender Turkey
How High Is Up? is located in United States
How High Is Up? is located in United Kingdom
How High Is Up? is located in France
How High Is Up? is located in Germany
How High Is Up? is located in India
How High Is Up? is located in Canada
How High Is Up? is located in Italy
How High Is Up? is located in Japan
How High Is Up? is located in Australia
How High Is Up? is located in Spain
Qays Shayesteh is affiliated to Afghanistan national football team
Qays Shayesteh is affiliated to FC Emmen
Qays Shayesteh is affiliated to SC Veendam
Qays Shayesteh is affiliated to Heracles Almelo
Qays Shayesteh is affiliated to nl/Voetbalacademie FC Twente
Qays Shayesteh is affiliated to FC Twente
Qays Shayesteh is affiliated to FC Groningen
Qays Shayesteh is affiliated to SC Heerenveen
Qays Shayesteh is affiliated to SC Cambuur
Qays Shayesteh is affiliated to PEC Zwolle
Greensboro Generals is located in Greensboro
Greensboro Generals is located in United States
Greensboro Generals is located in Ontario
Greensboro Generals is located in North Carolina
Greensboro Generals is located in Michigan
Greensboro Generals is located in Texas
Greensboro Generals is located in Italy
Greensboro Generals is located in Canada
"Greensboro Generals is located in Greensboro, North Carolina"
Greensboro Generals is located in British Columbia
Jerónimo Barrales plays for Club Atlético Huracán
Jerónimo Barrales plays for Santiago Wanderers
Jerónimo Barrales plays for Club Atlético Banfield
Jerónimo Barrales plays for Asteras Tripoli F.C.
Jerónimo Barrales plays for Recreativo de Huelva
Jerónimo Barrales plays for Unión de Santa Fe
Jerónimo Barrales plays for R.C. Recreativo de Huelva
Jerónimo Barrales plays for Racing Club de Avellaneda
Jerónimo Barrales plays for C.A. Huracán
Jerónimo Barrales plays for Newell's Old Boys
Hughie Ferguson is affiliated to Dundee F.C.
Hughie Ferguson is affiliated to Scottish Football League XI
Hughie Ferguson is affiliated to Cardiff City F.C.
Hughie Ferguson is affiliated to Motherwell F.C.
Hughie Ferguson is affiliated to Scotland national football team
Hughie Ferguson is affiliated to Rangers F.C.
Hughie Ferguson is affiliated to Aberdeen F.C.
Hughie Ferguson is affiliated to Celtic F.C.
Hughie Ferguson is affiliated to Partick Thistle F.C.
Hughie Ferguson is affiliated to Dundee United F.C.
Hjalte Nørregaard is affiliated to F.C. Copenhagen
Hjalte Nørregaard is affiliated to Kjøbenhavns Boldklub
Hjalte Nørregaard is affiliated to SC Heerenveen
Hjalte Nørregaard is affiliated to Denmark League XI national football team
Hjalte Nørregaard is affiliated to Denmark national under-21 football team
Hjalte Nørregaard is affiliated to Denmark national football team
Hjalte Nørregaard is affiliated to Denmark national under-19 football team
Hjalte Nørregaard is affiliated to Aarhus Gymnastikforening
Hjalte Nørregaard is affiliated to Denmark national under-17 football team
Hjalte Nørregaard is affiliated to Esbjerg fB
Liam Coyle was born in Derry
Liam Coyle was born in Belfast
Liam Coyle was born in Dublin
Liam Coyle was born in London
Liam Coyle was born in Newry
Liam Coyle was born in Limavady
Liam Coyle was born in Nottingham
Liam Coyle was born in Larne
Liam Coyle was born in Manchester
Liam Coyle was born in Lisburn
Victor Moses is affiliated to England national under-17 football team
Victor Moses is affiliated to England national under-19 football team
Victor Moses is affiliated to England national under-16 football team
Victor Moses is affiliated to Chelsea F.C.
Victor Moses is affiliated to Liverpool F.C.
Victor Moses is affiliated to Wigan Athletic F.C.
Victor Moses is affiliated to England national under-21 football team
Victor Moses is affiliated to Nigeria national football team
Victor Moses is affiliated to Crystal Palace F.C.
Victor Moses is affiliated to England national under-18 football team
Steve Kindel is affiliated to Surrey United Firefighters
Steve Kindel is affiliated to Vancouver Whitecaps (1986–2010)
Steve Kindel is affiliated to Canada men's national soccer team
Steve Kindel is affiliated to Canada men's national under-20 soccer team
Steve Kindel is affiliated to Rochester Rhinos
Steve Kindel is affiliated to Richmond Kickers
Steve Kindel is affiliated to Simon Fraser University
Steve Kindel is affiliated to R.A.E.C. Mons
Steve Kindel is affiliated to Virginia Beach Mariners
Steve Kindel is affiliated to Canada men's national youth soccer teams
Ronald Stein wrote music for The Little Shop of Horrors
Ronald Stein wrote music for The Undead (film)
Ronald Stein wrote music for The Naked Monster
Ronald Stein wrote music for The Premature Burial (film)
Ronald Stein wrote music for The Raven (1963 film)
Ronald Stein wrote music for The St. Valentine's Day Massacre (film)
Ronald Stein wrote music for De Sade (film)
Ronald Stein wrote music for The Terror (1963 film)
Ronald Stein wrote music for Thousands Cheer
Ronald Stein wrote music for The Secret Invasion
Robert Ssejjemba plays for National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics
Robert Ssejjemba plays for Uganda national football team
Robert Ssejjemba plays for Richmond Kickers
Robert Ssejjemba plays for Charlotte Eagles
Robert Ssejjemba plays for D.C. United
Robert Ssejjemba plays for Kalamazoo Kingdom
Robert Ssejjemba plays for SC Villa
Robert Ssejjemba plays for Virginia Beach Mariners
Robert Ssejjemba plays for New York Red Bulls
Robert Ssejjemba plays for Chicago Fire Soccer Club
Finland exports wordnet chemical 114806838
Finland exports wordnet machinery 103701640
Finland exports wordnet foodstuff 107566340
Finland exports wordnet fabric 103309808
Finland exports wordnet metallic element 114625458
Finland exports wordnet fish 102512053
Finland exports wordnet plastic 114592610
Finland exports wordnet motor vehicle 103791235
Finland exports wordnet fuel 114875077
Finland exports wordnet clothing 103051540
Jamie Clapham is affiliated to Leicester City F.C.
Jamie Clapham is affiliated to Kettering Town F.C.
Jamie Clapham is affiliated to Tottenham Hotspur F.C.
Jamie Clapham is affiliated to Notts County F.C.
Jamie Clapham is affiliated to Birmingham City F.C.
Jamie Clapham is affiliated to Leeds United A.F.C.
Jamie Clapham is affiliated to Leyton Orient F.C.
Jamie Clapham is affiliated to Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C.
Jamie Clapham is affiliated to Bristol Rovers F.C.
Jamie Clapham is affiliated to Lincoln City F.C.
Prince Henry of Prussia (1862–1929) has won prize Order of the White Falcon
Prince Henry of Prussia (1862–1929) has won prize Order of Albert the Bear
Prince Henry of Prussia (1862–1929) has won prize Order of the Rue Crown
Prince Henry of Prussia (1862–1929) has won prize Order of the Black Eagle
Prince Henry of Prussia (1862–1929) has won prize Order of Osmanieh
Prince Henry of Prussia (1862–1929) has won prize Order of St. Andrew
Prince Henry of Prussia (1862–1929) has won prize House Order of the Wendish Crown
Prince Henry of Prussia (1862–1929) has won prize House Order of Hohenzollern
Prince Henry of Prussia (1862–1929) has won prize Order of the Red Eagle
Prince Henry of Prussia (1862–1929) has won prize Military Order of St. Henry
"Tustin, California is located in Orange County, California"
"Tustin, California is located in Orange County (California)"
"Tustin, California is located in Southern California"
"Tustin, California is located in United States"
"Tustin, California is located in California"
"Tustin, California is located in Los Angeles County, California"
"Tustin, California is located in United Kingdom"
"Tustin, California is located in San Bernardino County, California"
"Tustin, California is located in San Diego County, California"
"Tustin, California is located in India"
"East Greenwich, Rhode Island is located in Kent County, Rhode Island"
"East Greenwich, Rhode Island is located in Rhode Island"
"East Greenwich, Rhode Island is located in United States"
"East Greenwich, Rhode Island is located in Providence County, Rhode Island"
"East Greenwich, Rhode Island is located in Washington County, Rhode Island"
"East Greenwich, Rhode Island is located in East Greenwich, Rhode Island"
"East Greenwich, Rhode Island is located in Providence County"
"East Greenwich, Rhode Island is located in Newport County, Rhode Island"
"East Greenwich, Rhode Island is located in Poland"
"East Greenwich, Rhode Island is located in Newport County"
Zaynitdin Tadjiyev plays for Pakhtakor Tashkent FK
Zaynitdin Tadjiyev plays for Lokomotiv Tashkent FK
Zaynitdin Tadjiyev plays for FC Shurtan Guzar
Zaynitdin Tadjiyev plays for Neftchi Farg'ona FK
Zaynitdin Tadjiyev plays for Uzbekistan national football team
Zaynitdin Tadjiyev plays for FK Dinamo Samarqand
Zaynitdin Tadjiyev plays for FC Kyzylzhar
Zaynitdin Tadjiyev plays for FC Ordabasy
Zaynitdin Tadjiyev plays for Saba Qom F.C.
Zaynitdin Tadjiyev plays for Lokomotiv FK (Tashkent)
Marc Degryse plays for Belgium national under-17 football team
Marc Degryse plays for Belgium national under-19 football team
Marc Degryse plays for R.S.C. Anderlecht
Marc Degryse plays for K.A.A. Gent
Marc Degryse plays for Belgium national under-21 football team
Marc Degryse plays for PSV Eindhoven
Marc Degryse plays for Beerschot AC
Marc Degryse plays for Belgium national football team
Marc Degryse plays for Club Brugge KV
Marc Degryse plays for Sheffield Wednesday F.C.
David Gemmell is citizen of United Kingdom
David Gemmell is citizen of United States
David Gemmell is citizen of England
David Gemmell is citizen of France
David Gemmell is citizen of Germany
David Gemmell is citizen of Australia
David Gemmell is citizen of Italy
David Gemmell is citizen of Canada
David Gemmell is citizen of Belgium
David Gemmell is citizen of India
Reg Matthewson is affiliated to Bangor City F.C.
Reg Matthewson is affiliated to Fulham F.C.
Reg Matthewson is affiliated to Sheffield United F.C.
Reg Matthewson is affiliated to Chester City F.C.
Reg Matthewson is affiliated to Everton F.C.
Reg Matthewson is affiliated to Manchester United F.C.
Reg Matthewson is affiliated to Manchester City F.C.
Reg Matthewson is affiliated to Huddersfield Town F.C.
Reg Matthewson is affiliated to Halifax Town A.F.C.
Reg Matthewson is affiliated to Stockport County F.C.
Alexander Ring has gender male
Alexander Ring has gender female
Alexander Ring has gender United Kingdom
Alexander Ring has gender France
Alexander Ring has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Alexander Ring has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Alexander Ring has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Alexander Ring has gender Tomsk
Alexander Ring has gender Bulgaria
Alexander Ring has gender wordnet chemical 114806838
Gary Bollan is affiliated to Carnoustie Panmure F.C.
Gary Bollan is affiliated to Dundee United F.C.
Gary Bollan is affiliated to Scotland national under-21 football team
Gary Bollan is affiliated to Livingston F.C.
Gary Bollan is affiliated to Clyde F.C.
Gary Bollan is affiliated to St. Johnstone F.C.
Gary Bollan is affiliated to Motherwell F.C.
Gary Bollan is affiliated to Rangers F.C.
Gary Bollan is affiliated to Brechin City F.C.
Gary Bollan is affiliated to Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C.
Sebastián Blázquez plays for Mushuc Runa Sporting Club
Sebastián Blázquez plays for Club Atlético Belgrano
Sebastián Blázquez plays for Técnico Universitario
Sebastián Blázquez plays for Independiente Rivadavia
Sebastián Blázquez plays for Club Atlético Colón
Sebastián Blázquez plays for San Martín de San Juan
Sebastián Blázquez plays for Talleres de Remedios de Escalada
Sebastián Blázquez plays for Club Atlético Vélez Sarsfield
Sebastián Blázquez plays for Club Olimpia
Sebastián Blázquez plays for Deportivo Cali
Jakob Böhme has gender male
Jakob Böhme has gender female
Jakob Böhme has gender Tomsk
Jakob Böhme has gender Turkey
Jakob Böhme has gender Democratic Party (United States)
Jakob Böhme has gender United Kingdom
Jakob Böhme has gender Azerbaijan
Jakob Böhme has gender London
Jakob Böhme has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Jakob Böhme has gender France
Hajjiabad County is located in Hormozgan Province
Hajjiabad County is located in United States
Hajjiabad County is located in Iran
Hajjiabad County is located in Poland
Hajjiabad County is located in United Kingdom
Hajjiabad County is located in Lublin Voivodeship
Hajjiabad County is located in Masovian Voivodeship
Hajjiabad County is located in Slovenia
Hajjiabad County is located in Japan
Hajjiabad County is located in Spain
Seo Dong-hyeon is affiliated to Ansan Police FC
Seo Dong-hyeon is affiliated to Konkuk University
Seo Dong-hyeon is affiliated to Gangwon FC
Seo Dong-hyeon is affiliated to South Korea national under-23 football team
Seo Dong-hyeon is affiliated to Suwon Samsung Bluewings
Seo Dong-hyeon is affiliated to South Korea national football team
Seo Dong-hyeon is affiliated to Jeju United FC
Seo Dong-hyeon is affiliated to South Korea national under-20 football team
Seo Dong-hyeon is affiliated to Seongnam FC
Seo Dong-hyeon is affiliated to Busan IPark
Paul Brown (footballer) plays for Vauxhall Motors F.C.
Paul Brown (footballer) plays for Droylsden F.C.
Paul Brown (footballer) plays for Accrington Stanley F.C.
Paul Brown (footballer) plays for Kingston City FC
Paul Brown (footballer) plays for Marine F.C.
Paul Brown (footballer) plays for Barrow A.F.C.
Paul Brown (footballer) plays for Witton Albion F.C.
Paul Brown (footballer) plays for Tranmere Rovers F.C.
Paul Brown (footballer) plays for Workington A.F.C.
Paul Brown (footballer) plays for England national football C team
David Benioff is married to Amanda Peet
David Benioff is married to David Benioff
David Benioff is married to Jennifer Aniston
David Benioff is married to Mia Farrow
David Benioff is married to Sandra Bullock
David Benioff is married to Anne Shirley (actress)
David Benioff is married to Rosanna Arquette
David Benioff is married to Brooke Shields
David Benioff is married to Louise Lasser
David Benioff is married to Winona Ryder
Scott Bannerman is affiliated to Bathgate Thistle F.C.
Scott Bannerman is affiliated to Alloa Athletic F.C.
Scott Bannerman is affiliated to Dumbarton F.C.
Scott Bannerman is affiliated to Airdrieonians F.C. (1878)
Scott Bannerman is affiliated to Greenock Morton F.C.
Scott Bannerman is affiliated to Hibernian F.C.
Scott Bannerman is affiliated to Raith Rovers F.C.
Scott Bannerman is affiliated to Partick Thistle F.C.
Scott Bannerman is affiliated to Heart of Midlothian F.C.
Scott Bannerman is affiliated to Hamilton Academical F.C.
Jack Newnes has gender male
Jack Newnes has gender female
Jack Newnes has gender United Kingdom
Jack Newnes has gender Turkey
Jack Newnes has gender Tomsk
Jack Newnes has gender Golden Globe Award
Jack Newnes has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Jack Newnes has gender United States
Jack Newnes has gender César Award
Jack Newnes has gender Azerbaijan
Hex (film) is located in United States
Hex (film) is located in United Kingdom
Hex (film) is located in India
Hex (film) is located in France
Hex (film) is located in Germany
Hex (film) is located in Canada
Hex (film) is located in Italy
Hex (film) is located in China
Hex (film) is located in Japan
Hex (film) is located in Hong Kong
Nicolás Bertolo plays for Club Atlético Banfield
Nicolás Bertolo plays for Argentina national football team
Nicolás Bertolo plays for Real Zaragoza
Nicolás Bertolo plays for Cruz Azul
Nicolás Bertolo plays for U.S. Città di Palermo
Nicolás Bertolo plays for Club Nacional de Football
Nicolás Bertolo plays for Boca Juniors
Nicolás Bertolo plays for Instituto Atlético Central Córdoba
Nicolás Bertolo plays for Club Atlético River Plate
Nicolás Bertolo plays for Racing Club de Avellaneda
Johnny Szlykowicz is affiliated to SR Delémont
Johnny Szlykowicz is affiliated to FC Lausanne-Sport
Johnny Szlykowicz is affiliated to Neuchâtel Xamax
Johnny Szlykowicz is affiliated to AJ Auxerre
Johnny Szlykowicz is affiliated to Pau FC
Johnny Szlykowicz is affiliated to A.J. Auxerre
Johnny Szlykowicz is affiliated to FC Sion
Johnny Szlykowicz is affiliated to Yverdon-Sport FC
Johnny Szlykowicz is affiliated to Servette FC
Johnny Szlykowicz is affiliated to Switzerland national football team
Aleksei Yuryevich German died in Saint Petersburg
Aleksei Yuryevich German died in Moscow
Aleksei Yuryevich German died in Paris
Aleksei Yuryevich German died in London
Aleksei Yuryevich German died in New York City
Aleksei Yuryevich German died in Los Angeles
Aleksei Yuryevich German died in Berlin
Aleksei Yuryevich German died in Munich
Aleksei Yuryevich German died in Rome
Aleksei Yuryevich German died in Kiev
Georgi Karaneychev plays for PFC Minyor Radnevo
Georgi Karaneychev plays for PFC Chavdar Byala Slatina
Georgi Karaneychev plays for OFC Sliven 2000
Georgi Karaneychev plays for Bulgaria national under-21 football team
Georgi Karaneychev plays for PFC Pirin Gotse Delchev
Georgi Karaneychev plays for PFC Ludogorets Razgrad
Georgi Karaneychev plays for FC Tiraspol
Georgi Karaneychev plays for FC Svilengrad 1921
Georgi Karaneychev plays for PFC Lokomotiv Mezdra
Georgi Karaneychev plays for FC Lyubimets 2007
Dermot Curtis is affiliated to Bideford A.F.C.
Dermot Curtis is affiliated to Republic of Ireland national football team
Dermot Curtis is affiliated to Shelbourne F.C.
Dermot Curtis is affiliated to League of Ireland XI
Dermot Curtis is affiliated to Torquay United F.C.
Dermot Curtis is affiliated to Ipswich Town F.C.
Dermot Curtis is affiliated to Bristol City F.C.
Dermot Curtis is affiliated to Exeter City F.C.
Dermot Curtis is affiliated to Shamrock Rovers F.C.
Dermot Curtis is affiliated to Plymouth Argyle F.C.
Shane Battelle is affiliated to St. Louis Knights
Shane Battelle is affiliated to Saint Louis Billikens men's soccer
Shane Battelle is affiliated to St. Louis Ambush (NPSL)
Shane Battelle is affiliated to Columbus Crew
Shane Battelle is affiliated to United States men's national under-20 soccer team
Shane Battelle is affiliated to United States men's national soccer team
Shane Battelle is affiliated to Saint Louis University
Shane Battelle is affiliated to United States men's national under-23 soccer team
Shane Battelle is affiliated to Sporting Kansas City
Shane Battelle is affiliated to United States national soccer team
Avery John is affiliated to Boston Bulldogs (soccer)
Avery John is affiliated to Maryland Mania
Avery John is affiliated to New Orleans Storm
Avery John is affiliated to New England Revolution
Avery John is affiliated to American University
Avery John is affiliated to Longford Town F.C.
Avery John is affiliated to Fort Lauderdale Strikers
Avery John is affiliated to Shelbourne F.C.
Avery John is affiliated to Yavapai College
Avery John is affiliated to D.C. United
Kristina Šundov is affiliated to FFC Zuchwil 05
Kristina Šundov is affiliated to Telstar (women's football club)
Kristina Šundov is affiliated to Croatia women's national football team
Kristina Šundov is affiliated to FC Thun
Kristina Šundov is affiliated to RNK Split
Kristina Šundov is affiliated to FC Basel
Kristina Šundov is affiliated to SC Telstar
Kristina Šundov is affiliated to MSV Duisburg
Kristina Šundov is affiliated to Grasshopper Club Zürich
Kristina Šundov is affiliated to FC St. Gallen
"Charles Spencer-Churchill, 9th Duke of Marlborough is affiliated to Conservative Party (UK)"
"Charles Spencer-Churchill, 9th Duke of Marlborough is affiliated to Democratic Party (United States)"
"Charles Spencer-Churchill, 9th Duke of Marlborough is affiliated to Liberal Party (UK)"
"Charles Spencer-Churchill, 9th Duke of Marlborough is affiliated to Republican Party (United States)"
"Charles Spencer-Churchill, 9th Duke of Marlborough is affiliated to Indian National Congress"
"Charles Spencer-Churchill, 9th Duke of Marlborough is affiliated to Southampton F.C."
"Charles Spencer-Churchill, 9th Duke of Marlborough is affiliated to England national football team"
"Charles Spencer-Churchill, 9th Duke of Marlborough is affiliated to West Ham United F.C."
"Charles Spencer-Churchill, 9th Duke of Marlborough is affiliated to Watford F.C."
"Charles Spencer-Churchill, 9th Duke of Marlborough is affiliated to Manchester United F.C."
Innocent Emeghara plays for Switzerland national under-23 football team
Innocent Emeghara plays for Switzerland national football team
Innocent Emeghara plays for Switzerland national under-21 football team
Innocent Emeghara plays for FC Winterthur
Innocent Emeghara plays for FC Zürich
Innocent Emeghara plays for A.S. Livorno Calcio
Innocent Emeghara plays for A.C. Siena
Innocent Emeghara plays for Grasshopper Club Zürich
Innocent Emeghara plays for FC Lorient
Innocent Emeghara plays for F.C. Lorient
"Jasper County, Missouri is located in United States"
"Jasper County, Missouri is located in Europe"
"Jasper County, Missouri is located in Missouri"
"Jasper County, Missouri is located in Jasper County, Missouri"
"Jasper County, Missouri is located in United Kingdom"
"Jasper County, Missouri is located in Canada"
"Jasper County, Missouri is located in France"
"Jasper County, Missouri is located in Western United States"
"Jasper County, Missouri is located in India"
"Jasper County, Missouri is located in Poland"
Joseph Kamwendo plays for CAPS United F.C.
Joseph Kamwendo plays for Malawi national football team
Joseph Kamwendo plays for Mighty Wanderers F.C.
Joseph Kamwendo plays for Vasco da Gama (South Africa)
Joseph Kamwendo plays for Liga Muçulmana de Maputo
Joseph Kamwendo plays for TP Mazembe
Joseph Kamwendo plays for Orlando Pirates
Joseph Kamwendo plays for FC Nordsjælland
Joseph Kamwendo plays for Zimbabwe national football team
Joseph Kamwendo plays for Jomo Cosmos F.C.
Sunil Shetty has won prize Filmfare Awards
Sunil Shetty has won prize Padma Shri
Sunil Shetty has won prize National Film Awards (India)
Sunil Shetty has won prize Golden Globe Award
Sunil Shetty has won prize Emmy Award
Sunil Shetty has won prize Zee Cine Awards
Sunil Shetty has won prize Primetime Emmy Award
Sunil Shetty has won prize Tony Award
Sunil Shetty has won prize Filmfare Awards South
Sunil Shetty has won prize Volpi Cup
Chris Turner (footballer born 1951) is affiliated to Connecticut Bicentennials
Chris Turner (footballer born 1951) is affiliated to New England Tea Men
Chris Turner (footballer born 1951) is affiliated to Luton Town F.C.
Chris Turner (footballer born 1951) is affiliated to Cambridge United F.C.
Chris Turner (footballer born 1951) is affiliated to Southend United F.C.
Chris Turner (footballer born 1951) is affiliated to Swindon Town F.C.
Chris Turner (footballer born 1951) is affiliated to Peterborough United F.C.
Chris Turner (footballer born 1951) is affiliated to Norwich City F.C.
Chris Turner (footballer born 1951) is affiliated to Torquay United F.C.
Chris Turner (footballer born 1951) is affiliated to Leyton Orient F.C.
Sally (1929 film) is located in United States
Sally (1929 film) is located in United Kingdom
Sally (1929 film) is located in Italy
Sally (1929 film) is located in France
Sally (1929 film) is located in India
Sally (1929 film) is located in Germany
Sally (1929 film) is located in Canada
Sally (1929 film) is located in Japan
Sally (1929 film) is located in California
Sally (1929 film) is located in China
Simeon Mechev is affiliated to FC Vereya
Simeon Mechev is affiliated to PFC Neftochimic Burgas
Simeon Mechev is affiliated to PFC Montana
Simeon Mechev is affiliated to PFC Beroe Stara Zagora
Simeon Mechev is affiliated to POFC Botev Vratsa
Simeon Mechev is affiliated to PFC Slavia Sofia
Simeon Mechev is affiliated to PFC Vidima-Rakovski Sevlievo
Simeon Mechev is affiliated to PFC Cherno More Varna
Simeon Mechev is affiliated to Bulgaria national under-21 football team
Simeon Mechev is affiliated to PFC Levski Sofia
Hassan Kachloul plays for AS Saint-Étienne
Hassan Kachloul plays for FC Metz
Hassan Kachloul plays for USL Dunkerque
Hassan Kachloul plays for Nîmes Olympique
Hassan Kachloul plays for Morocco national football team
Hassan Kachloul plays for Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C.
Hassan Kachloul plays for Southampton F.C.
Hassan Kachloul plays for Aston Villa F.C.
Hassan Kachloul plays for Livingston F.C.
Hassan Kachloul plays for A.S. Saint-Étienne
Akwasi Oduro is affiliated to R. Cappellen F.C.
Akwasi Oduro is affiliated to K.V. Turnhout
Akwasi Oduro is affiliated to K.S.K. Beveren
Akwasi Oduro is affiliated to FK Bodø/Glimt
Akwasi Oduro is affiliated to FK Radnički 1923
Akwasi Oduro is affiliated to Standard Liège
Akwasi Oduro is affiliated to Beerschot AC
Akwasi Oduro is affiliated to Royal Antwerp F.C.
Akwasi Oduro is affiliated to Lierse S.K.
Akwasi Oduro is affiliated to R.S.C. Anderlecht
Thabiso Khumalo is affiliated to Michigan Bucks
Thabiso Khumalo is affiliated to Chicago Fire Premier
Thabiso Khumalo is affiliated to Pittsburgh Riverhounds
Thabiso Khumalo is affiliated to Wilmington Hammerheads FC
Thabiso Khumalo is affiliated to Chicago Fire Soccer Club
Thabiso Khumalo is affiliated to Charleston Battery
Thabiso Khumalo is affiliated to D.C. United
Thabiso Khumalo is affiliated to Lindsey Wilson College
Thabiso Khumalo is affiliated to Columbus Crew
Thabiso Khumalo is affiliated to Rochester Rhinos
Central Province (Sri Lanka) has capital Kandy
Central Province (Sri Lanka) has capital Kandy District
Central Province (Sri Lanka) has capital Nuwara Eliya
Central Province (Sri Lanka) has capital Central Province (Sri Lanka)
"Central Province (Sri Lanka) has capital Central Province, Sri Lanka"
Central Province (Sri Lanka) has capital United States
Central Province (Sri Lanka) has capital Anuradhapura
Central Province (Sri Lanka) has capital Spain
Central Province (Sri Lanka) has capital Poland
Central Province (Sri Lanka) has capital Italy
Michael Bell (footballer) plays for Clevedon Town F.C.
Michael Bell (footballer) plays for Team Bath F.C.
Michael Bell (footballer) plays for Weston-super-Mare A.F.C.
Michael Bell (footballer) plays for Bristol City F.C.
Michael Bell (footballer) plays for Northampton Town F.C.
Michael Bell (footballer) plays for Wycombe Wanderers F.C.
Michael Bell (footballer) plays for Port Vale F.C.
Michael Bell (footballer) plays for Cheltenham Town F.C.
Michael Bell (footballer) plays for Forest Green Rovers F.C.
Michael Bell (footballer) plays for Torquay United F.C.
Lee McCulloch is affiliated to Scotland national football B team
Lee McCulloch is affiliated to Motherwell F.C.
Lee McCulloch is affiliated to Cumbernauld United F.C.
Lee McCulloch is affiliated to Scotland national football team
Lee McCulloch is affiliated to Wigan Athletic F.C.
Lee McCulloch is affiliated to Rangers F.C.
Lee McCulloch is affiliated to Scotland national under-21 football team
Lee McCulloch is affiliated to Celtic F.C.
Lee McCulloch is affiliated to Clyde F.C.
Lee McCulloch is affiliated to Aberdeen F.C.
Andrey Paryvaew plays for FC Molodechno-2013
Andrey Paryvaew plays for FC Dinamo-Juni Minsk
Andrey Paryvaew plays for FC Granit Mikashevichi
Andrey Paryvaew plays for FC Shakhtyor Salihorsk
Andrey Paryvaew plays for FC Avangard Kursk
Andrey Paryvaew plays for FC Vityaz Podolsk
Andrey Paryvaew plays for FC SKA-Energiya Khabarovsk
Andrey Paryvaew plays for FC Gorodeya
Andrey Paryvaew plays for FC Dinamo Minsk
Andrey Paryvaew plays for FC Dnepr Mogilev
Jorge Domínguez plays for Deportivo Laferrere
Jorge Domínguez plays for Tours FC
Jorge Domínguez plays for Textil Mandiyú
Jorge Domínguez plays for OGC Nice
Jorge Domínguez plays for Nîmes Olympique
Jorge Domínguez plays for Boca Juniors
Jorge Domínguez plays for Sporting Toulon Var
Jorge Domínguez plays for Club de Gimnasia y Esgrima La Plata
Jorge Domínguez plays for Nîmes Olympique F.C.
Jorge Domínguez plays for Argentina national football team
Georgios Sikalias plays for Koropi F.C.
Georgios Sikalias plays for PAS Giannina F.C.
Georgios Sikalias plays for Greece national under-21 football team
Georgios Sikalias plays for AEL 1964 FC
Georgios Sikalias plays for Panthrakikos F.C.
Georgios Sikalias plays for Ethnikos Piraeus F.C.
Georgios Sikalias plays for Panathinaikos F.C.
Georgios Sikalias plays for Iraklis Psachna F.C.
Georgios Sikalias plays for Greece national football team
Georgios Sikalias plays for Apollon Smyrni F.C.
Vasko Božinovski is affiliated to FK Makedonija Gjorče Petrov
Vasko Božinovski is affiliated to NK Kamen Ingrad
Vasko Božinovski is affiliated to FK Rabotnički
Vasko Božinovski is affiliated to Macedonia national football team
Vasko Božinovski is affiliated to FK Vardar
Vasko Božinovski is affiliated to NK Osijek
Vasko Božinovski is affiliated to FK Metalurg Skopje
Vasko Božinovski is affiliated to Macedonia national under-21 football team
Vasko Božinovski is affiliated to FK Cementarnica 55
Vasko Božinovski is affiliated to FK Teteks
Bernie Lilavois is affiliated to Buffalo Blizzard
Bernie Lilavois is affiliated to Cincinnati Silverbacks
Bernie Lilavois is affiliated to Anaheim Splash
Bernie Lilavois is affiliated to San Jose Grizzlies
Bernie Lilavois is affiliated to Cleveland Crunch
Bernie Lilavois is affiliated to Harrisburg Heat
Bernie Lilavois is affiliated to California Cougars
Bernie Lilavois is affiliated to Connecticut Wolves
Bernie Lilavois is affiliated to Portland Pythons
Bernie Lilavois is affiliated to San Francisco Bay Blackhawks
Barry Murphy (footballer born 1985) is affiliated to Republic of Ireland national under-23 football team
Barry Murphy (footballer born 1985) is affiliated to League of Ireland XI
Barry Murphy (footballer born 1985) is affiliated to Bohemian F.C.
Barry Murphy (footballer born 1985) is affiliated to St Patrick's Athletic F.C.
Barry Murphy (footballer born 1985) is affiliated to Shamrock Rovers F.C.
Barry Murphy (footballer born 1985) is affiliated to Republic of Ireland national under-21 football team
Barry Murphy (footballer born 1985) is affiliated to Republic of Ireland national football team
Barry Murphy (footballer born 1985) is affiliated to Shelbourne F.C.
Barry Murphy (footballer born 1985) is affiliated to Home Farm F.C.
Barry Murphy (footballer born 1985) is affiliated to Dundalk F.C.
Gainesville (Florida) is located in Alachua County
"Gainesville (Florida) is located in Alachua County, Florida"
Gainesville (Florida) is located in United States
Gainesville (Florida) is located in Gainesville (Florida)
Gainesville (Florida) is located in California
Gainesville (Florida) is located in Europe
Gainesville (Florida) is located in France
Gainesville (Florida) is located in Illinois
Gainesville (Florida) is located in Florida
Gainesville (Florida) is located in Germany
Joe Palatsides is affiliated to Heidelberg United FC
Joe Palatsides is affiliated to South Melbourne FC
Joe Palatsides is affiliated to Brunswick Juventus FC
Joe Palatsides is affiliated to Apollon Kalamarias
Joe Palatsides is affiliated to Olympiacos Volou 1937 F.C.
Joe Palatsides is affiliated to Australia national association football team
Joe Palatsides is affiliated to Footscray JUST
Joe Palatsides is affiliated to PAOK FC
Joe Palatsides is affiliated to P.A.O.K. Thessaloniki F.C.
Joe Palatsides is affiliated to Melbourne Knights FC
Władysław Sikorski has won prize Cross of Valour (Poland)
Władysław Sikorski has won prize Cross of Liberty (Estonia)
Władysław Sikorski has won prize Order of the White Eagle (Poland)
Władysław Sikorski has won prize War Cross (Norway)
Władysław Sikorski has won prize Virtuti Militari
Władysław Sikorski has won prize Cross of Independence
Władysław Sikorski has won prize Legion of Honour
Władysław Sikorski has won prize Order of the White Lion
Władysław Sikorski has won prize Order of Leopold (Belgium)
Władysław Sikorski has won prize Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
Jonathan Pérez Olivero plays for Universidad de Las Palmas CF
Jonathan Pérez Olivero plays for UD Las Palmas Atlético
Jonathan Pérez Olivero plays for UD Las Palmas
Jonathan Pérez Olivero plays for SD Ponferradina
Jonathan Pérez Olivero plays for Real Madrid Castilla
Jonathan Pérez Olivero plays for UD Lanzarote
Jonathan Pérez Olivero plays for Real Madrid C.F.
Jonathan Pérez Olivero plays for U.D. Las Palmas
Jonathan Pérez Olivero plays for Real Madrid C
Jonathan Pérez Olivero plays for Zamora CF
Steffen Haas is affiliated to Karlsruher SC
Steffen Haas is affiliated to TSG 1899 Hoffenheim
Steffen Haas is affiliated to SV Wehen Wiesbaden
Steffen Haas is affiliated to Kickers Offenbach
Steffen Haas is affiliated to Germany national youth football team
Steffen Haas is affiliated to de/Deutsche Fußballnationalmannschaft (U-20-Männer)
Steffen Haas is affiliated to Germany national under-21 football team
Steffen Haas is affiliated to de/Deutsche Fußballnationalmannschaft (U-19-Junioren)
Steffen Haas is affiliated to FSV Frankfurt
Steffen Haas is affiliated to Eintracht Frankfurt
Arnar Førsund was born in Oslo
Arnar Førsund was born in Hamar
Arnar Førsund was born in Kongsvinger
Arnar Førsund was born in Stavanger
Arnar Førsund was born in Bergen
Arnar Førsund was born in Tromsø
Arnar Førsund was born in Trondheim
Arnar Førsund was born in Sandefjord
Arnar Førsund was born in Lillehammer
Arnar Førsund was born in Fredrikstad
Glenn Hoddle is affiliated to AS Monaco FC
Glenn Hoddle is affiliated to Tottenham Hotspur F.C.
Glenn Hoddle is affiliated to Swindon Town F.C.
Glenn Hoddle is affiliated to A.S. Monaco F.C.
Glenn Hoddle is affiliated to England national under-21 football team
Glenn Hoddle is affiliated to England national football team
Glenn Hoddle is affiliated to Chelsea F.C.
Glenn Hoddle is affiliated to Southampton F.C.
Glenn Hoddle is affiliated to Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C.
Glenn Hoddle is affiliated to Queens Park Rangers F.C.
Emmerson Boyce is affiliated to Barbados national football team
Emmerson Boyce is affiliated to Luton Town F.C.
Emmerson Boyce is affiliated to Wigan Athletic F.C.
Emmerson Boyce is affiliated to Crystal Palace F.C.
Emmerson Boyce is affiliated to Southampton F.C.
Emmerson Boyce is affiliated to Birmingham City F.C.
Emmerson Boyce is affiliated to Tottenham Hotspur F.C.
Emmerson Boyce is affiliated to West Ham United F.C.
Emmerson Boyce is affiliated to Reading F.C.
Emmerson Boyce is affiliated to Charlton Athletic F.C.
Raivis Hščanovičs has gender male
Raivis Hščanovičs has gender female
Raivis Hščanovičs has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Raivis Hščanovičs has gender London Heathrow Terminal 3
Raivis Hščanovičs has gender Democratic Party (United States)
Raivis Hščanovičs has gender London Heathrow Terminal 1
Raivis Hščanovičs has gender Republican Party (United States)
Raivis Hščanovičs has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Raivis Hščanovičs has gender Labour Party (UK)
Raivis Hščanovičs has gender South Yemen
Wayne Foster is affiliated to St. Mirren F.C.
Wayne Foster is affiliated to Falkirk F.C.
Wayne Foster is affiliated to Heart of Midlothian F.C.
Wayne Foster is affiliated to Partick Thistle F.C.
Wayne Foster is affiliated to Bolton Wanderers F.C.
Wayne Foster is affiliated to Hartlepool United F.C.
Wayne Foster is affiliated to Preston North End F.C.
Wayne Foster is affiliated to Livingston F.C.
Wayne Foster is affiliated to Scotland national football team
Wayne Foster is affiliated to St. Johnstone F.C.
Robert Akaruye is affiliated to Lobi Stars F.C.
Robert Akaruye is affiliated to Al-Ahed
Robert Akaruye is affiliated to Ismaily SC
Robert Akaruye is affiliated to Nigeria national football team
Robert Akaruye is affiliated to Arab Contractors SC
Robert Akaruye is affiliated to Busaiteen Club
Robert Akaruye is affiliated to Bridge Boys F.C.
Robert Akaruye is affiliated to Al Ahly SC
Robert Akaruye is affiliated to Al Dhafra Club
Robert Akaruye is affiliated to Dolphins F.C. (Port Harcourt)
Davide Brivio plays for Italy national under-17 football team
Davide Brivio plays for Italy national under-16 football team
Davide Brivio plays for Italy national under-19 football team
Davide Brivio plays for Vicenza Calcio
Davide Brivio plays for Atalanta B.C.
Davide Brivio plays for Genoa C.F.C.
Davide Brivio plays for ACF Fiorentina
Davide Brivio plays for Italy national under-20 football team
Davide Brivio plays for U.S. Lecce
Davide Brivio plays for Italy national under-21 football team
Nicolae Mitea plays for CS Juventus București
Nicolae Mitea plays for CS Concordia Chiajna
Nicolae Mitea plays for Romania national under-21 football team
Nicolae Mitea plays for FC Petrolul Ploiești
Nicolae Mitea plays for FC Dinamo București
Nicolae Mitea plays for Romania national football team
Nicolae Mitea plays for AFC Ajax
Nicolae Mitea plays for FC Rapid II București
Nicolae Mitea plays for A.F.C. Ajax
Nicolae Mitea plays for Ionikos F.C.
Stephan Jenkins has musical role wordnet keyboard 103614007
Stephan Jenkins has musical role wordnet vocal music 107282006
Stephan Jenkins has musical role wordnet guitar 103467517
Stephan Jenkins has musical role wordnet piano 103928116
Stephan Jenkins has musical role wordnet bass guitar 102804123
Stephan Jenkins has musical role wordnet drum 103249569
Stephan Jenkins has musical role wordnet harmonica 103494278
Stephan Jenkins has musical role wordnet synthesist 110687231
Stephan Jenkins has musical role wordnet bass 104986796
Stephan Jenkins has musical role wordnet percussion 100545059
Joey Guðjónsson is affiliated to Íþróttabandalag Akraness
Joey Guðjónsson is affiliated to Iceland national football team
Joey Guðjónsson is affiliated to Iceland national under-21 football team
Joey Guðjónsson is affiliated to Iceland national under-19 football team
Joey Guðjónsson is affiliated to Knattspyrnufélag Akureyrar
Joey Guðjónsson is affiliated to K.R.C. Genk
Joey Guðjónsson is affiliated to Leicester City F.C.
Joey Guðjónsson is affiliated to Real Betis
Joey Guðjónsson is affiliated to MVV Maastricht
Joey Guðjónsson is affiliated to AZ Alkmaar
Fernando Varela Ramos plays for Real Betis
Fernando Varela Ramos plays for Real Betis B
Fernando Varela Ramos plays for Spain national under-16 football team
Fernando Varela Ramos plays for RCD Mallorca
Fernando Varela Ramos plays for Spain national under-18 football team
Fernando Varela Ramos plays for Spain national under-17 football team
Fernando Varela Ramos plays for CF Extremadura
Fernando Varela Ramos plays for Real Valladolid
Fernando Varela Ramos plays for Kasımpaşa Spor Kulübü
Fernando Varela Ramos plays for Spain national under-20 football team
Bobby Campbell (Scottish footballer) is affiliated to Falkirk F.C.
Bobby Campbell (Scottish footballer) is affiliated to Scotland national football team
Bobby Campbell (Scottish footballer) is affiliated to Reading F.C.
Bobby Campbell (Scottish footballer) is affiliated to Chelsea F.C.
Bobby Campbell (Scottish footballer) is affiliated to Scottish Football League XI
Bobby Campbell (Scottish footballer) is affiliated to Celtic F.C.
Bobby Campbell (Scottish footballer) is affiliated to Rangers F.C.
Bobby Campbell (Scottish footballer) is affiliated to Bristol City F.C.
Bobby Campbell (Scottish footballer) is affiliated to Hibernian F.C.
Bobby Campbell (Scottish footballer) is affiliated to Bristol Rovers F.C.
Kostas Chalkias plays for PAOK FC
Kostas Chalkias plays for Greece national football team
Kostas Chalkias plays for Aris F.C. (Thessaloniki)
Kostas Chalkias plays for Panathinaikos F.C.
Kostas Chalkias plays for Apollon Smyrni F.C.
Kostas Chalkias plays for Iraklis Thessaloniki F.C.
Kostas Chalkias plays for Portsmouth F.C.
Kostas Chalkias plays for Real Murcia
Kostas Chalkias plays for Aris Thessaloniki F.C.
Kostas Chalkias plays for P.A.O.K. Thessaloniki F.C.
Wallace McCain lives in Toronto
Wallace McCain lives in Ontario
Wallace McCain lives in Canada
Wallace McCain lives in United States
Wallace McCain lives in New York City
Wallace McCain lives in Montreal
Wallace McCain lives in Chicago
"Wallace McCain lives in Washington, D.C."
Wallace McCain lives in London
Wallace McCain lives in Ottawa
Kota Mizunuma is affiliated to Tochigi SC
Kota Mizunuma is affiliated to Japan national under-17 football team
Kota Mizunuma is affiliated to Japan national under-20 football team
Kota Mizunuma is affiliated to Tochigi S.C.
Kota Mizunuma is affiliated to Yokohama F. Marinos
Kota Mizunuma is affiliated to Japan national under-23 football team
Kota Mizunuma is affiliated to Sagan Tosu
Kota Mizunuma is affiliated to Japan national football team
Kota Mizunuma is affiliated to Avispa Fukuoka
Kota Mizunuma is affiliated to Urawa Red Diamonds
Michael Bradley (soccer) plays for United States men's national under-20 soccer team
Michael Bradley (soccer) plays for United States men's national under-17 soccer team
Michael Bradley (soccer) plays for Toronto FC
Michael Bradley (soccer) plays for United States men's national under-23 soccer team
Michael Bradley (soccer) plays for New York Red Bulls
Michael Bradley (soccer) plays for Chicago Sockers
Michael Bradley (soccer) plays for United States men's national under-18 soccer team
Michael Bradley (soccer) plays for SC Heerenveen
Michael Bradley (soccer) plays for Borussia Mönchengladbach
Michael Bradley (soccer) plays for Toronto F.C.
Wesley Sonck plays for Lierse S.K.
Wesley Sonck plays for Club Brugge KV
Wesley Sonck plays for Beerschot AC
Wesley Sonck plays for R. White Daring Molenbeek
Wesley Sonck plays for AFC Ajax
Wesley Sonck plays for K.R.C. Genk
Wesley Sonck plays for Belgium national football team
Wesley Sonck plays for Borussia Mönchengladbach
Wesley Sonck plays for Waasland-Beveren
Wesley Sonck plays for Club Brugge K.V.
Norayr Sahakyan is affiliated to Armenia national under-17 football team
Norayr Sahakyan is affiliated to Armenia national under-19 football team
Norayr Sahakyan is affiliated to Armenia national under-21 football team
Norayr Sahakyan is affiliated to FC Pyunik
Norayr Sahakyan is affiliated to Armenia national football team
Norayr Sahakyan is affiliated to Ulisses FC
Norayr Sahakyan is affiliated to FC Banants
Norayr Sahakyan is affiliated to FC Ararat Yerevan
Norayr Sahakyan is affiliated to FC Gandzasar
Norayr Sahakyan is affiliated to Impulse F.C.
Chris Woods is affiliated to England national football B team
Chris Woods is affiliated to England national football team
Chris Woods is affiliated to England national under-21 football team
Chris Woods is affiliated to Nottingham Forest F.C.
Chris Woods is affiliated to Southampton F.C.
Chris Woods is affiliated to Sheffield Wednesday F.C.
Chris Woods is affiliated to Sunderland A.F.C.
Chris Woods is affiliated to Burnley F.C.
Chris Woods is affiliated to Queens Park Rangers F.C.
Chris Woods is affiliated to Norwich City F.C.
Manuel Badenes has won prize Pichichi Trophy
Manuel Badenes has won prize South American Footballer of the Year
Manuel Badenes has won prize Ballon d'Or (1956–2009)
Manuel Badenes has won prize African Footballer of the Year
Manuel Badenes has won prize FIFA World Player of the Year
Manuel Badenes has won prize Order of Prince Henry
Manuel Badenes has won prize Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
Manuel Badenes has won prize Laureus World Sports Awards
Manuel Badenes has won prize Legion of Merit
Manuel Badenes has won prize Legion of Honour
Thomas Jefferson has gender male
Thomas Jefferson has gender female
Thomas Jefferson has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Thomas Jefferson has gender Bulgaria
Thomas Jefferson has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Thomas Jefferson has gender United Kingdom
Thomas Jefferson has gender Turkey
Thomas Jefferson has gender London Heathrow Terminal 3
Thomas Jefferson has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Thomas Jefferson has gender Azerbaijan
Kenny Cutler plays for Real Salt Lake
Kenny Cutler plays for Richmond Kickers
Kenny Cutler plays for IMG Academy
Kenny Cutler plays for United States men's national under-20 soccer team
Kenny Cutler plays for United States men's national under-17 soccer team
Kenny Cutler plays for United States men's national under-23 soccer team
Kenny Cutler plays for D.C. United
Kenny Cutler plays for United States men's national soccer team
Kenny Cutler plays for Chicago Fire Soccer Club
Kenny Cutler plays for New England Revolution
Adam Newton is affiliated to West Ham United F.C.
Adam Newton is affiliated to Peterborough United F.C.
Adam Newton is affiliated to Leyton Orient F.C.
Adam Newton is affiliated to Portsmouth F.C.
Adam Newton is affiliated to Woking F.C.
Adam Newton is affiliated to Brentford F.C.
Adam Newton is affiliated to England national under-21 football team
Adam Newton is affiliated to Luton Town F.C.
Adam Newton is affiliated to Notts County F.C.
Adam Newton is affiliated to Crystal Palace F.C.
Brent Rahim plays for Joe Public F.C.
Brent Rahim plays for San Juan Jabloteh F.C.
Brent Rahim plays for IF Sylvia
Brent Rahim plays for Connecticut Huskies
Brent Rahim plays for Falkirk F.C.
Brent Rahim plays for Northampton Town F.C.
Brent Rahim plays for PFC Levski Sofia
Brent Rahim plays for West Ham United F.C.
Brent Rahim plays for North East Stars F.C.
Brent Rahim plays for Queens Park Rangers F.C.
Níver Arboleda has gender male
Níver Arboleda has gender female
Níver Arboleda has gender Tomsk
Níver Arboleda has gender wordnet electronics 106099269
Níver Arboleda has gender United Kingdom
Níver Arboleda has gender wordnet chemical 114806838
Níver Arboleda has gender Labour Party (UK)
Níver Arboleda has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Níver Arboleda has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Níver Arboleda has gender London Heathrow Terminal 3
Benedict Vilakazi (soccer) was born in Soweto
Benedict Vilakazi (soccer) was born in Durban
Benedict Vilakazi (soccer) was born in Cape Town
Benedict Vilakazi (soccer) was born in Johannesburg
Benedict Vilakazi (soccer) was born in Bloemfontein
Benedict Vilakazi (soccer) was born in Aalborg
Benedict Vilakazi (soccer) was born in Witbank
Benedict Vilakazi (soccer) was born in Lagos
Benedict Vilakazi (soccer) was born in Pietermaritzburg
Benedict Vilakazi (soccer) was born in Boksburg
Reinaldo da Cruz Oliveira plays for São Paulo FC
Reinaldo da Cruz Oliveira plays for Clube de Regatas do Flamengo
Reinaldo da Cruz Oliveira plays for Figueirense Futebol Clube
Reinaldo da Cruz Oliveira plays for Santos FC
Reinaldo da Cruz Oliveira plays for Suwon Samsung Bluewings
Reinaldo da Cruz Oliveira plays for Botafogo de Futebol e Regatas
Reinaldo da Cruz Oliveira plays for Esporte Clube Bahia
Reinaldo da Cruz Oliveira plays for Kashiwa Reysol
Reinaldo da Cruz Oliveira plays for Paraná Clube
Reinaldo da Cruz Oliveira plays for Clube Atlético Metropolitano
Enrico Gaede plays for Borussia Mönchengladbach II
Enrico Gaede plays for Sportfreunde Siegen
Enrico Gaede plays for KSV Hessen Kassel
Enrico Gaede plays for F.C. Hansa Rostock
Enrico Gaede plays for Rot-Weiss Essen
Enrico Gaede plays for Hansa Rostock
Enrico Gaede plays for Borussia Mönchengladbach
Enrico Gaede plays for MSV Duisburg
Enrico Gaede plays for FC Schalke 04
Enrico Gaede plays for SC Paderborn 07
Wojciech Krauze is affiliated to Tarnovia Tarnów
Wojciech Krauze is affiliated to Unia Tarnów
Wojciech Krauze is affiliated to Kmita Zabierzów
Wojciech Krauze is affiliated to Korinthos F.C.
Wojciech Krauze is affiliated to Szczakowianka Jaworzno
Wojciech Krauze is affiliated to GKS Katowice
Wojciech Krauze is affiliated to Thyella Patras F.C.
Wojciech Krauze is affiliated to LKS Nieciecza
Wojciech Krauze is affiliated to de/Stal Rzeszów
Wojciech Krauze is affiliated to KS Cracovia (football)
Adalton Luis Juvenal is affiliated to Clube Atlético Votuporanguense
Adalton Luis Juvenal is affiliated to São Carlos Futebol Clube
Adalton Luis Juvenal is affiliated to Yangon United F.C.
Adalton Luis Juvenal is affiliated to Clube do Remo
Adalton Luis Juvenal is affiliated to PSFC Chernomorets Burgas
Adalton Luis Juvenal is affiliated to Yverdon-Sport FC
Adalton Luis Juvenal is affiliated to FC Thun
Adalton Luis Juvenal is affiliated to São Paulo F.C.
Adalton Luis Juvenal is affiliated to São Paulo FC
Adalton Luis Juvenal is affiliated to Mogi Mirim Esporte Clube
Habib Bourguiba is affiliated to Socialist Destourian Party
Habib Bourguiba is affiliated to Constitutional Democratic Rally
Habib Bourguiba is affiliated to Neo Destour
Habib Bourguiba is affiliated to Republican Party (United States)
Habib Bourguiba is affiliated to Democratic Party (United States)
Habib Bourguiba is affiliated to Independent (politician)
Habib Bourguiba is affiliated to Socialist Party (France)
Habib Bourguiba is affiliated to France national football team
Habib Bourguiba is affiliated to Cleveland Cavaliers
Habib Bourguiba is affiliated to Brooklyn Nets
Pinto Martins – Fortaleza International Airport is connected to Santa Maria Airport (Sergipe)
Pinto Martins – Fortaleza International Airport is connected to Eduardo Gomes International Airport
Pinto Martins – Fortaleza International Airport is connected to Val de Cans International Airport
Pinto Martins – Fortaleza International Airport is connected to Greater Natal International Airport
Pinto Martins – Fortaleza International Airport is connected to Marechal Cunha Machado International Airport
Pinto Martins – Fortaleza International Airport is connected to Santarém-Maestro Wilson Fonseca Airport
Pinto Martins – Fortaleza International Airport is connected to Recife/Guararapes–Gilberto Freyre International Airport
Pinto Martins – Fortaleza International Airport is connected to Brasília International Airport
Pinto Martins – Fortaleza International Airport is connected to Presidente Castro Pinto International Airport
Pinto Martins – Fortaleza International Airport is connected to Salgado Filho International Airport
Aykut Kocaman plays for İstanbulspor A.Ş.
Aykut Kocaman plays for Fenerbahçe S.K. (football)
Aykut Kocaman plays for Turkey national football team
Aykut Kocaman plays for Malatyaspor
Aykut Kocaman plays for Sakaryaspor
Aykut Kocaman plays for Torku Konyaspor
Aykut Kocaman plays for Ankaraspor A.Ş.
Aykut Kocaman plays for Fenerbahçe S.K.
Aykut Kocaman plays for MKE Ankaragücü
Aykut Kocaman plays for Turkey national under-21 football team
Pompoï Department is located in Burkina Faso
Pompoï Department is located in United States
Pompoï Department is located in Mali
Pompoï Department is located in Poland
Pompoï Department is located in Boucle du Mouhoun Region
Pompoï Department is located in India
Pompoï Department is located in Balé Province
Pompoï Department is located in China
Pompoï Department is located in Niger
Pompoï Department is located in Iran
Vladislav Romanov is affiliated to FC Lyubimets 2007
Vladislav Romanov is affiliated to POFC Botev Vratsa
Vladislav Romanov is affiliated to PFC Haskovo
Vladislav Romanov is affiliated to PFC Lokomotiv Mezdra
Vladislav Romanov is affiliated to PFC Lokomotiv Sofia
Vladislav Romanov is affiliated to KS Cracovia (football)
Vladislav Romanov is affiliated to PFC Slavia Sofia
Vladislav Romanov is affiliated to PFC CSKA Sofia
Vladislav Romanov is affiliated to Bulgaria national football team
Vladislav Romanov is affiliated to PFC Spartak Varna
Paíto was born in Lisbon
Paíto was born in Maputo
Paíto was born in Yaoundé
Paíto was born in Guimarães
Paíto was born in Douala
Paíto was born in Lagos
Paíto was born in São Paulo
Paíto was born in Luanda
Paíto was born in Porto
Paíto was born in Buenos Aires
Victor H. Krulak has won prize National Order of Vietnam
Victor H. Krulak has won prize Distinguished Service Medal (US Navy)
Victor H. Krulak has won prize Gallantry Cross (Vietnam)
Victor H. Krulak has won prize Navy Cross
Victor H. Krulak has won prize Bronze Star Medal
Victor H. Krulak has won prize Legion of Merit
Victor H. Krulak has won prize Air Medal
Victor H. Krulak has won prize Silver Star
Victor H. Krulak has won prize Purple Heart
Victor H. Krulak has won prize Distinguished Flying Cross (United States)
Rezső Somlai is affiliated to fr/Ferencváros TC (football)
Rezső Somlai is affiliated to Ferencvárosi TC
Rezső Somlai is affiliated to O.G.C. Nice
Rezső Somlai is affiliated to Budapest Honvéd FC
Rezső Somlai is affiliated to Olympique Alès
Rezső Somlai is affiliated to OGC Nice
Rezső Somlai is affiliated to Hungary national football team
Rezső Somlai is affiliated to PFC Levski Sofia
Rezső Somlai is affiliated to Red Star F.C.
Rezső Somlai is affiliated to Vasas SC
Chérif Abdeslam plays for NA Hussein Dey
Chérif Abdeslam plays for ASO Chlef
Chérif Abdeslam plays for Algeria national football team
Chérif Abdeslam plays for JS Kabylie
Chérif Abdeslam plays for USM Annaba
Chérif Abdeslam plays for CR Belouizdad
Chérif Abdeslam plays for Algeria national under-23 football team
Chérif Abdeslam plays for USM Alger
Chérif Abdeslam plays for MC Oran
Chérif Abdeslam plays for Algeria A' national football team
Sammy Chapman has gender male
Sammy Chapman has gender female
Sammy Chapman has gender Tomsk
Sammy Chapman has gender Turkey
Sammy Chapman has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Sammy Chapman has gender France
Sammy Chapman has gender Republican Party (United States)
Sammy Chapman has gender Paris
Sammy Chapman has gender United Kingdom
Sammy Chapman has gender London
Tamir Kahlon is affiliated to Bnei Yehuda Tel Aviv F.C.
Tamir Kahlon is affiliated to Maccabi Tel Aviv F.C.
Tamir Kahlon is affiliated to Hapoel Ironi Kiryat Shmona F.C.
Tamir Kahlon is affiliated to KS Cracovia (football)
Tamir Kahlon is affiliated to Hapoel Ironi Acre F.C.
Tamir Kahlon is affiliated to F.C. Ashdod
Tamir Kahlon is affiliated to Israel national under-21 football team
Tamir Kahlon is affiliated to R. Charleroi S.C.
Tamir Kahlon is affiliated to Hapoel Tel Aviv F.C.
Tamir Kahlon is affiliated to Maccabi Petah Tikva F.C.
Hamed Rasouli plays for Sepahan Novin F.C.
Hamed Rasouli plays for Iran national under-20 football team
Hamed Rasouli plays for Sepahan Isfahan F.C.
Hamed Rasouli plays for PAS Hamedan F.C.
Hamed Rasouli plays for Iran national under-23 football team
Hamed Rasouli plays for Sepahan Esfahan FC
Hamed Rasouli plays for Iran national football team
Hamed Rasouli plays for Rah Ahan Sorinet F.C.
Hamed Rasouli plays for Fajr Sepasi F.C.
Hamed Rasouli plays for Esteghlal F.C.
Kainuu is located in Kajaani
Kainuu is located in Oulu (province)
Kainuu is located in Kainuu
Kainuu is located in Kuhmo
Kainuu is located in Northern Ostrobothnia
Kainuu is located in United States
Kainuu is located in India
Kainuu is located in Finland
Kainuu is located in Europe
Kainuu is located in Poland
Ian Snodin plays for Scarborough F.C.
Ian Snodin plays for Leeds United A.F.C.
Ian Snodin plays for Doncaster Rovers F.C.
Ian Snodin plays for Oldham Athletic A.F.C.
Ian Snodin plays for Sunderland A.F.C.
Ian Snodin plays for England national under-21 football team
Ian Snodin plays for Everton F.C.
Ian Snodin plays for Huddersfield Town F.C.
Ian Snodin plays for Manchester City F.C.
Ian Snodin plays for Sheffield United F.C.
Arnold Oosterveer has gender male
Arnold Oosterveer has gender female
Arnold Oosterveer has gender César Award
Arnold Oosterveer has gender United Kingdom
Arnold Oosterveer has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Arnold Oosterveer has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Arnold Oosterveer has gender Azerbaijan
Arnold Oosterveer has gender Tomsk
Arnold Oosterveer has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Arnold Oosterveer has gender Golden Globe Award
Belfort is located in Franche-Comté
Belfort is located in France
Belfort is located in Île-de-France
Belfort is located in Prefectures in France
Belfort is located in Rhône-Alpes
Belfort is located in Lists of World Heritage Sites in Europe
Belfort is located in Europe
Belfort is located in United States
Belfort is located in Nord-Pas-de-Calais
Belfort is located in Aquitaine
Pat Walker plays for GIF Sundsvall
Pat Walker plays for BK Häcken
Pat Walker plays for Örebro SK
Pat Walker plays for Varbergs BoIS FC
Pat Walker plays for Republic of Ireland national under-21 football team
Pat Walker plays for Gillingham F.C.
Pat Walker plays for Kalmar FF
Pat Walker plays for Assyriska Föreningen
Pat Walker plays for Sandefjord Fotball
Pat Walker plays for Bohemian F.C.
Kevin Fotheringham plays for Arbroath F.C.
Kevin Fotheringham plays for Forfar Athletic F.C.
Kevin Fotheringham plays for Brechin City F.C.
Kevin Fotheringham plays for Raith Rovers F.C.
Kevin Fotheringham plays for East Fife F.C.
Kevin Fotheringham plays for Ross County F.C.
Kevin Fotheringham plays for Clyde F.C.
Kevin Fotheringham plays for St. Johnstone F.C.
Kevin Fotheringham plays for Dundee United F.C.
Kevin Fotheringham plays for Dundee F.C.
Hanau participated in Battle of Hanau
Hanau participated in Napoleonic Wars
Hanau participated in Second Crusade
Hanau participated in War of the Fifth Coalition
Hanau participated in Austro-Prussian War
Hanau participated in Battle of Bennington
Hanau participated in Siege of Mainz (1793)
Hanau participated in Ottoman wars in Europe
Hanau participated in Fifth Crusade
Hanau participated in Siege of Kolberg (1807)
Lionel Trilling graduated from Columbia University
Lionel Trilling graduated from Yale University
Lionel Trilling graduated from University of Chicago
Lionel Trilling graduated from Harvard University
Lionel Trilling graduated from New York University
Lionel Trilling graduated from University of Michigan
Lionel Trilling graduated from University of Texas at Austin
Lionel Trilling graduated from Princeton University
Lionel Trilling graduated from University of Oxford
Lionel Trilling graduated from University of Wisconsin–Madison
Josep Gómes has gender male
Josep Gómes has gender female
Josep Gómes has gender Hong Kong
Josep Gómes has gender United Kingdom
Josep Gómes has gender Tomsk
Josep Gómes has gender Azerbaijan
Josep Gómes has gender Turkey
Josep Gómes has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Josep Gómes has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Josep Gómes has gender Erasmus Prize
Maurice Anthony Biot has won prize Theodore von Karman Medal
Maurice Anthony Biot has won prize National Medal of Science
Maurice Anthony Biot has won prize Nobel Prize in Physics
Maurice Anthony Biot has won prize Timoshenko Medal
Maurice Anthony Biot has won prize Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine
Maurice Anthony Biot has won prize Wolf Prize
Maurice Anthony Biot has won prize Otto Laporte Award
Maurice Anthony Biot has won prize Nobel Prize in Chemistry
Maurice Anthony Biot has won prize Golden Globe Award
Maurice Anthony Biot has won prize Kyoto Prize
Fernando Muñoz is affiliated to Sevilla F.C.
Fernando Muñoz is affiliated to Sevilla FC
Fernando Muñoz is affiliated to RCD Espanyol
Fernando Muñoz is affiliated to Spain national football team
Fernando Muñoz is affiliated to R.C.D. Espanyol de Barcelona
Fernando Muñoz is affiliated to Spain national under-21 football team
Fernando Muñoz is affiliated to Spain national under-18 football team
Fernando Muñoz is affiliated to FC Barcelona
Fernando Muñoz is affiliated to Real Madrid C.F.
Fernando Muñoz is affiliated to Elche C.F.
Emmanuel Ebiede is affiliated to Hapoel Bnei Lod F.C.
Emmanuel Ebiede is affiliated to Al Wasl FC
Emmanuel Ebiede is affiliated to F.C. Ashdod
Emmanuel Ebiede is affiliated to Al Jazira Club
Emmanuel Ebiede is affiliated to Al Dhafra Club
Emmanuel Ebiede is affiliated to Al Ain FC
Emmanuel Ebiede is affiliated to Sharks F.C.
Emmanuel Ebiede is affiliated to SC Eendracht Aalst
Emmanuel Ebiede is affiliated to Maccabi Petah Tikva F.C.
Emmanuel Ebiede is affiliated to Nigeria national football team
Alex Revell is affiliated to Braintree Town F.C.
Alex Revell is affiliated to Cambridge United F.C.
Alex Revell is affiliated to Southend United F.C.
Alex Revell is affiliated to Kettering Town F.C.
Alex Revell is affiliated to Leyton Orient F.C.
Alex Revell is affiliated to Rotherham United F.C.
Alex Revell is affiliated to Brighton & Hove Albion F.C.
Alex Revell is affiliated to Swindon Town F.C.
Alex Revell is affiliated to Wycombe Wanderers F.C.
Alex Revell is affiliated to Brentford F.C.
Fritz Machlup graduated from University of Vienna
Fritz Machlup graduated from Princeton University
Fritz Machlup graduated from Harvard University
Fritz Machlup graduated from University of Chicago
Fritz Machlup graduated from University of Cambridge
Fritz Machlup graduated from Humboldt University of Berlin
Fritz Machlup graduated from University of Göttingen
Fritz Machlup graduated from University of Oxford
Fritz Machlup graduated from Columbia University
Fritz Machlup graduated from Yale University
Viktor Panchenko is affiliated to FC Portovyk Kerch
Viktor Panchenko is affiliated to FC Mashuk-KMV Pyatigorsk
Viktor Panchenko is affiliated to FC Metallurg Lipetsk
Viktor Panchenko is affiliated to FC KAMAZ Naberezhnye Chelny
Viktor Panchenko is affiliated to FC Dynamo Stavropol
Viktor Panchenko is affiliated to FC Chernomorets Novorossiysk
Viktor Panchenko is affiliated to FC Lokomotiv Moscow
Viktor Panchenko is affiliated to SK Tallinna Sport
Viktor Panchenko is affiliated to PFC CSKA Moscow
Viktor Panchenko is affiliated to FC Khimki
Michał Pazdan is affiliated to Hutnik Nowa Huta
Michał Pazdan is affiliated to Jagiellonia Białystok
Michał Pazdan is affiliated to Górnik Zabrze
Michał Pazdan is affiliated to Poland national football team
Michał Pazdan is affiliated to Wisła Kraków
Michał Pazdan is affiliated to ŁKS Łódź
Michał Pazdan is affiliated to KS Cracovia (football)
Michał Pazdan is affiliated to Widzew Łódź
Michał Pazdan is affiliated to Polonia Warsaw
Michał Pazdan is affiliated to Poland national under-21 football team
Marco Rizi plays for Buffalo Blizzard
Marco Rizi plays for Cleveland Crunch
Marco Rizi plays for Montreal Impact
Marco Rizi plays for Montreal Supra
Marco Rizi plays for Chicago Power
Marco Rizi plays for Canada men's national soccer team
Marco Rizi plays for Canton Invaders
Marco Rizi plays for Detroit Rockers
Marco Rizi plays for Rochester Rhinos
Marco Rizi plays for Houston Hotshots
Karl Ready plays for Aylesbury United F.C.
Karl Ready plays for Farnborough F.C.
Karl Ready plays for Aldershot Town F.C.
Karl Ready plays for Queens Park Rangers F.C.
Karl Ready plays for Wales national football team
Karl Ready plays for Motherwell F.C.
Karl Ready plays for Crawley Town F.C.
Karl Ready plays for Brentford F.C.
Karl Ready plays for Wales national under-21 football team
Karl Ready plays for Reading F.C.
Lukáš Štetina plays for 1. FC Tatran Prešov
Lukáš Štetina plays for FC Nitra
Lukáš Štetina plays for FK Dukla Prague
Lukáš Štetina plays for Slovakia national under-19 football team
Lukáš Štetina plays for Dukla Prague
Lukáš Štetina plays for FC Metalist Kharkiv
Lukáš Štetina plays for Slovakia national football team
Lukáš Štetina plays for ŠK Slovan Bratislava
Lukáš Štetina plays for Slovakia national under-21 football team
Lukáš Štetina plays for AC Sparta Prague
Tabaré Silva is affiliated to Defensor Sporting
Tabaré Silva is affiliated to C.S.D. Villa Española
Tabaré Silva is affiliated to Club Atlético River Plate (Montevideo)
Tabaré Silva is affiliated to Rampla Juniors
Tabaré Silva is affiliated to Elche C.F.
Tabaré Silva is affiliated to Uruguay national football team
Tabaré Silva is affiliated to Central Español
Tabaré Silva is affiliated to Sud América
Tabaré Silva is affiliated to Central Español F.C.
Tabaré Silva is affiliated to Levante U.D.
Gary Strodder has gender male
Gary Strodder has gender female
Gary Strodder has gender Azerbaijan
Gary Strodder has gender Tomsk
Gary Strodder has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Gary Strodder has gender Turkey
Gary Strodder has gender France
Gary Strodder has gender London Heathrow Terminal 1
Gary Strodder has gender Ukraine
Gary Strodder has gender Russia
Martin Carruthers plays for Boston United F.C.
Martin Carruthers plays for Lincoln City F.C.
Martin Carruthers plays for Macclesfield Town F.C.
Martin Carruthers plays for Cambridge United F.C.
Martin Carruthers plays for Darlington F.C.
Martin Carruthers plays for Hull City A.F.C.
Martin Carruthers plays for Stoke City F.C.
Martin Carruthers plays for Aston Villa F.C.
Martin Carruthers plays for Southend United F.C.
Martin Carruthers plays for Scunthorpe United F.C.
Angelo Niculescu has gender male
Angelo Niculescu has gender female
Angelo Niculescu has gender César Award
Angelo Niculescu has gender Italy
Angelo Niculescu has gender United States
Angelo Niculescu has gender Germany
Angelo Niculescu has gender United Kingdom
Angelo Niculescu has gender Democratic Party (United States)
Angelo Niculescu has gender Hong Kong
Angelo Niculescu has gender Azerbaijan
Charles Lyell died in London
Charles Lyell died in Cambridge
Charles Lyell died in Oxford
Charles Lyell died in Paris
Charles Lyell died in Eastbourne
Charles Lyell died in Edinburgh
Charles Lyell died in New York City
Charles Lyell died in Berlin
Charles Lyell died in Vienna
Charles Lyell died in Geneva
"Maitland, Florida is located in Orange County, Florida"
"Maitland, Florida is located in Orange County (Florida)"
"Maitland, Florida is located in United States"
"Maitland, Florida is located in Florida"
"Maitland, Florida is located in United Kingdom"
"Maitland, Florida is located in Canada"
"Maitland, Florida is located in North Carolina"
"Maitland, Florida is located in France"
"Maitland, Florida is located in Poland"
"Maitland, Florida is located in Japan"
Leandro Cruz de Oliveira plays for Duque de Caxias Futebol Clube
Leandro Cruz de Oliveira plays for Friburguense Atlético Clube
Leandro Cruz de Oliveira plays for Navibank Saigon F.C.
Leandro Cruz de Oliveira plays for Boavista Sport Club
Leandro Cruz de Oliveira plays for Madureira Esporte Clube
Leandro Cruz de Oliveira plays for Democrata Futebol Clube
Leandro Cruz de Oliveira plays for Vila Nova Futebol Clube
Leandro Cruz de Oliveira plays for Guaratinguetá Futebol
Leandro Cruz de Oliveira plays for Esporte Clube Juventude
Leandro Cruz de Oliveira plays for Centro de Futebol Zico Sociedade Esportiva
Yanis Papassarantis plays for F.C. Verbroedering Dender Eendracht Hekelgem
Yanis Papassarantis plays for K.S.V. Roeselare
Yanis Papassarantis plays for Standard Liège
Yanis Papassarantis plays for Royale Union Saint-Gilloise
Yanis Papassarantis plays for K.V.K. Tienen
Yanis Papassarantis plays for R. Charleroi S.C.
Yanis Papassarantis plays for R.S.C. Anderlecht
Yanis Papassarantis plays for Belgium national football team
Yanis Papassarantis plays for K.A.A. Gent
Yanis Papassarantis plays for K.R.C. Mechelen
Gmina Skarżysko Kościelne is located in Skarżysko County
Gmina Skarżysko Kościelne is located in United States
Gmina Skarżysko Kościelne is located in Poland
Gmina Skarżysko Kościelne is located in Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship
Gmina Skarżysko Kościelne is located in Masovian Voivodeship
Gmina Skarżysko Kościelne is located in Iran
Gmina Skarżysko Kościelne is located in Greater Poland Voivodeship
Gmina Skarżysko Kościelne is located in India
Gmina Skarżysko Kościelne is located in Lublin Voivodeship
Gmina Skarżysko Kościelne is located in Lower Silesian Voivodeship
Ian Gore plays for Hougang United FC
Ian Gore plays for Boreham Wood F.C.
Ian Gore plays for Doncaster Rovers F.C.
Ian Gore plays for Blackpool F.C.
Ian Gore plays for Torquay United F.C.
Ian Gore plays for Southport F.C.
Ian Gore plays for Gainsborough Trinity F.C.
Ian Gore plays for Birmingham City F.C.
Ian Gore plays for Lincoln City F.C.
Ian Gore plays for Mansfield Town F.C.
Junior Ross was born in Lima
Junior Ross was born in Callao
"Junior Ross was born in Ica, Peru"
Junior Ross was born in Chincha Alta
Junior Ross was born in Frankfurt
Junior Ross was born in Chiclayo
"Junior Ross was born in Pisco, Peru"
Junior Ross was born in San Vicente de Cañete
Junior Ross was born in Piura
Junior Ross was born in Huánuco
Ryan Robinson is affiliated to Evesham United F.C.
Ryan Robinson is affiliated to Morecambe F.C.
Ryan Robinson is affiliated to Forest Green Rovers F.C.
Ryan Robinson is affiliated to Southport F.C.
Ryan Robinson is affiliated to A.F.C. Telford United
Ryan Robinson is affiliated to Northwich Victoria F.C.
Ryan Robinson is affiliated to Bath City F.C.
Ryan Robinson is affiliated to Blackburn Rovers F.C.
Ryan Robinson is affiliated to Southend United F.C.
Ryan Robinson is affiliated to Hereford United F.C.
Stephan Schulz-Winge plays for Borussia Mönchengladbach II
Stephan Schulz-Winge plays for 1. FC Kleve
Stephan Schulz-Winge plays for KFC Uerdingen 05
Stephan Schulz-Winge plays for FC Remscheid
Stephan Schulz-Winge plays for Borussia Mönchengladbach
Stephan Schulz-Winge plays for FC 08 Homburg
Stephan Schulz-Winge plays for K.F.C. Uerdingen 05
Stephan Schulz-Winge plays for de/VfR Neuss
Stephan Schulz-Winge plays for TuRU Düsseldorf
Stephan Schulz-Winge plays for 1. FC Köln
Tayfun Türkmen is affiliated to Hacettepe S.K.
Tayfun Türkmen is affiliated to Ankaraspor A.Ş.
Tayfun Türkmen is affiliated to Torku Konyaspor
Tayfun Türkmen is affiliated to Eskişehirspor
Tayfun Türkmen is affiliated to MKE Ankaragücü
Tayfun Türkmen is affiliated to Kayseri Erciyesspor
Tayfun Türkmen is affiliated to Gençlerbirliği S.K.
Tayfun Türkmen is affiliated to Turkey national under-21 football team
Tayfun Türkmen is affiliated to Kayserispor
Tayfun Türkmen is affiliated to Çaykur Rizespor
Vladimir Agapov (footballer born 1933) is affiliated to FC Zvezda Serpukhov
Vladimir Agapov (footballer born 1933) is affiliated to Soviet Union national football team
Vladimir Agapov (footballer born 1933) is affiliated to PFC CSKA Moscow
Vladimir Agapov (footballer born 1933) is affiliated to FC Spartak Moscow
Vladimir Agapov (footballer born 1933) is affiliated to Spartak Moscow
Vladimir Agapov (footballer born 1933) is affiliated to FC Torpedo Moscow
Vladimir Agapov (footballer born 1933) is affiliated to CSKA Moscow
Vladimir Agapov (footballer born 1933) is affiliated to FC Lokomotiv Moscow
Vladimir Agapov (footballer born 1933) is affiliated to FC FShM Torpedo Moscow
Vladimir Agapov (footballer born 1933) is affiliated to FC Dynamo Moscow
Kay Friedmann is affiliated to FC 08 Homburg
Kay Friedmann is affiliated to SV Südwest Ludwigshafen
Kay Friedmann is affiliated to 1. FC Kaiserslautern
Kay Friedmann is affiliated to 1. FC Nuremberg
Kay Friedmann is affiliated to 1. FC Nürnberg
Kay Friedmann is affiliated to 1.F.C. Saarbrücken
Kay Friedmann is affiliated to Germany national under-21 football team
Kay Friedmann is affiliated to 1. FC Saarbrücken
Kay Friedmann is affiliated to SV Waldhof Mannheim
Kay Friedmann is affiliated to Eintracht Frankfurt
Fernando Marqués plays for Rayo Vallecano B
Fernando Marqués plays for Racing de Santander
Fernando Marqués plays for Atlético Madrid
Fernando Marqués plays for CD Castellón
Fernando Marqués plays for RCD Espanyol
Fernando Marqués plays for Atlético Madrid B
Fernando Marqués plays for Rayo Vallecano
Fernando Marqués plays for Spain national under-20 football team
Fernando Marqués plays for Iraklis Thessaloniki F.C.
Fernando Marqués plays for Parma F.C.
Tony English is affiliated to Harwich & Parkeston F.C.
Tony English is affiliated to Witham Town F.C.
Tony English is affiliated to Sudbury Town F.C.
Tony English is affiliated to Heybridge Swifts F.C.
Tony English is affiliated to Halstead Town F.C.
Tony English is affiliated to Colchester United F.C.
Tony English is affiliated to F.C. Clacton
Tony English is affiliated to Coventry City F.C.
Tony English is affiliated to Felixstowe & Walton United F.C.
Tony English is affiliated to A.F.C. Sudbury
Gavin Swankie is affiliated to Arbroath F.C.
Gavin Swankie is affiliated to St. Johnstone F.C.
Gavin Swankie is affiliated to Dundee F.C.
Gavin Swankie is affiliated to Forfar Athletic F.C.
Gavin Swankie is affiliated to Dundee United F.C.
Gavin Swankie is affiliated to Livingston F.C.
Gavin Swankie is affiliated to Montrose F.C.
Gavin Swankie is affiliated to Ross County F.C.
Gavin Swankie is affiliated to Raith Rovers F.C.
Gavin Swankie is affiliated to Partick Thistle F.C.
Klayton was born in London
Klayton was born in New York City
Klayton was born in Paris
Klayton was born in Los Angeles
Klayton was born in Chicago
Klayton was born in Manchester
Klayton was born in Philadelphia
Klayton was born in Glasgow
Klayton was born in Houston
Klayton was born in Detroit
Panagiotis Katsiaros plays for Athletic Union of Larissa 1964
Panagiotis Katsiaros plays for Olympiacos Volou 1937 F.C.
Panagiotis Katsiaros plays for PAE Kerkyra
Panagiotis Katsiaros plays for Aris F.C. (Thessaloniki)
Panagiotis Katsiaros plays for Panionios G.S.S.
Panagiotis Katsiaros plays for Panionios F.C
Panagiotis Katsiaros plays for Aris Thessaloniki F.C.
Panagiotis Katsiaros plays for PAS Giannina F.C.
Panagiotis Katsiaros plays for Kerkyra F.C.
Panagiotis Katsiaros plays for Greece national football team
Mario Monicelli has won prize Nastro d'Argento
Mario Monicelli has won prize David di Donatello
Mario Monicelli has won prize Golden Lion
Mario Monicelli has won prize César Award
Mario Monicelli has won prize Golden Globe Award
Mario Monicelli has won prize European Film Awards
Mario Monicelli has won prize Palme d'Or
Mario Monicelli has won prize Grammy Award
Mario Monicelli has won prize Emmy Award
Mario Monicelli has won prize Primetime Emmy Award
Diogo Pires is affiliated to Rio Claro Futebol Clube
Diogo Pires is affiliated to União Agrícola Barbarense Futebol Clube
Diogo Pires is affiliated to Guarani Esporte Clube (MG)
Diogo Pires is affiliated to Esporte Clube São Bento
Diogo Pires is affiliated to ŠK Slovan Bratislava
Diogo Pires is affiliated to FK Mladá Boleslav
Diogo Pires is affiliated to Esporte Clube Santo André
Diogo Pires is affiliated to FC Karpaty Lviv
Diogo Pires is affiliated to FC Petržalka 1898
Diogo Pires is affiliated to São Paulo F.C.
Nayim plays for FC Barcelona
Nayim plays for FC Barcelona B
Nayim plays for Real Zaragoza
Nayim plays for Spain national under-18 football team
Nayim plays for CD Logroñés
Nayim plays for Spain national under-19 football team
Nayim plays for Tottenham Hotspur F.C.
Nayim plays for Spain national under-21 football team
Nayim plays for Spain national under-20 football team
Nayim plays for AD Ceuta
Leroy DeLeon is affiliated to Washington Darts
Leroy DeLeon is affiliated to Miami Toros
Leroy DeLeon is affiliated to New York Generals
Leroy DeLeon is affiliated to Phoenix Inferno
Leroy DeLeon is affiliated to Washington Diplomats
Leroy DeLeon is affiliated to Seattle Sounders (1974–83)
Leroy DeLeon is affiliated to San Jose Earthquakes (1974–88)
Leroy DeLeon is affiliated to Detroit Lightning
Leroy DeLeon is affiliated to United States men's national soccer team
Leroy DeLeon is affiliated to Rochester Lancers
John Maxwell (British Army officer) has won prize Distinguished Service Order
John Maxwell (British Army officer) has won prize Order of the Bath
John Maxwell (British Army officer) has won prize Order of the British Empire
John Maxwell (British Army officer) has won prize Legion of Honour
John Maxwell (British Army officer) has won prize Royal Victorian Order
John Maxwell (British Army officer) has won prize Mentioned in dispatches
John Maxwell (British Army officer) has won prize Victoria Cross
John Maxwell (British Army officer) has won prize Military Cross
John Maxwell (British Army officer) has won prize South American Footballer of the Year
John Maxwell (British Army officer) has won prize Legion of Merit
Richard Jackson (footballer born 1980) is affiliated to Whitby Town F.C.
Richard Jackson (footballer born 1980) is affiliated to Burton Albion F.C.
Richard Jackson (footballer born 1980) is affiliated to Hereford United F.C.
Richard Jackson (footballer born 1980) is affiliated to Luton Town F.C.
Richard Jackson (footballer born 1980) is affiliated to Derby County F.C.
Richard Jackson (footballer born 1980) is affiliated to Scarborough F.C.
Richard Jackson (footballer born 1980) is affiliated to York City F.C.
Richard Jackson (footballer born 1980) is affiliated to Notts County F.C.
Richard Jackson (footballer born 1980) is affiliated to Grimsby Town F.C.
Richard Jackson (footballer born 1980) is affiliated to Darlington F.C.
Ned Liddell is affiliated to Whitburn Junior F.C.
Ned Liddell is affiliated to Gainsborough Trinity F.C.
Ned Liddell is affiliated to Arsenal F.C.
Ned Liddell is affiliated to Sunderland A.F.C.
Ned Liddell is affiliated to Leyton Orient F.C.
Ned Liddell is affiliated to Southampton F.C.
Ned Liddell is affiliated to Southend United F.C.
Ned Liddell is affiliated to Sheffield Wednesday F.C.
Ned Liddell is affiliated to Tottenham Hotspur F.C.
Ned Liddell is affiliated to West Ham United F.C.
Hugo Lloris plays for France national under-19 football team
Hugo Lloris plays for OGC Nice
Hugo Lloris plays for Olympique Lyonnais
Hugo Lloris plays for France national under-18 football team
Hugo Lloris plays for Tottenham Hotspur F.C.
Hugo Lloris plays for France national under-20 football team
Hugo Lloris plays for France national football team
Hugo Lloris plays for O.G.C. Nice
Hugo Lloris plays for France B national football team
Hugo Lloris plays for France national under-21 football team
Moussa Gueye plays for Senegal national football team
Moussa Gueye plays for RWDM Brussels FC
Moussa Gueye plays for FC Metz
Moussa Gueye plays for R. Charleroi S.C.
Moussa Gueye plays for Associação Académica de Coimbra – O.A.F.
Moussa Gueye plays for R.A.E.C. Mons
Moussa Gueye plays for F.C. Metz
Moussa Gueye plays for Standard Liège
Moussa Gueye plays for ASC Jeanne d'Arc
Moussa Gueye plays for R.E. Mouscron
John O'Shea has gender male
John O'Shea has gender female
John O'Shea has gender United Kingdom
John O'Shea has gender France
John O'Shea has gender Turkey
John O'Shea has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
John O'Shea has gender United States
John O'Shea has gender Azerbaijan
John O'Shea has gender wordnet chemical 114806838
John O'Shea has gender London
Aleksandr Minayev (footballer born 1954) plays for Soviet Union national football team
Aleksandr Minayev (footballer born 1954) plays for FC Dynamo Moscow
Aleksandr Minayev (footballer born 1954) plays for FC Spartak Moscow
Aleksandr Minayev (footballer born 1954) plays for Spartak Moscow
Aleksandr Minayev (footballer born 1954) plays for F.C. Dynamo Moscow
Aleksandr Minayev (footballer born 1954) plays for FC Lokomotiv Moscow
Aleksandr Minayev (footballer born 1954) plays for PFC CSKA Moscow
Aleksandr Minayev (footballer born 1954) plays for FC Torpedo Moscow
Aleksandr Minayev (footballer born 1954) plays for Russia national football team
Aleksandr Minayev (footballer born 1954) plays for FC Alania Vladikavkaz
Neil Aspin is affiliated to F.C. Halifax Town
Neil Aspin is affiliated to Darlington F.C.
Neil Aspin is affiliated to Hartlepool United F.C.
Neil Aspin is affiliated to Leeds United A.F.C.
Neil Aspin is affiliated to Port Vale F.C.
Neil Aspin is affiliated to Harrogate Town F.C.
Neil Aspin is affiliated to York City F.C.
Neil Aspin is affiliated to Bradford City A.F.C.
Neil Aspin is affiliated to Whitby Town F.C.
Neil Aspin is affiliated to Doncaster Rovers F.C.
Bernd Förster plays for 1. FC Saarbrücken
Bernd Förster plays for VfB Stuttgart
Bernd Förster plays for FC Bayern Munich
Bernd Förster plays for Germany Olympic football team
Bernd Förster plays for 1.F.C. Saarbrücken
Bernd Förster plays for SV Waldhof Mannheim
Bernd Förster plays for Germany national football team
Bernd Förster plays for Germany national football B team
Bernd Förster plays for Germany national youth football team
Bernd Förster plays for Germany national under-21 football team
Ron Geesin has gender male
Ron Geesin has gender female
Ron Geesin has gender wordnet chemical 114806838
Ron Geesin has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Ron Geesin has gender wordnet machinery 103701640
Ron Geesin has gender wordnet computer 103082979
Ron Geesin has gender wordnet plastic 114592610
Ron Geesin has gender Golden Globe Award
Ron Geesin has gender César Award
Ron Geesin has gender Republican Party (United States)
Chad Harpur is affiliated to Molesey F.C.
Chad Harpur is affiliated to Manning Rangers F.C.
Chad Harpur is affiliated to Maritzburg United F.C.
Chad Harpur is affiliated to Ajax Cape Town F.C.
Chad Harpur is affiliated to Basingstoke Town F.C.
Chad Harpur is affiliated to Mpumalanga Black Aces F.C.
Chad Harpur is affiliated to Kilmarnock F.C.
Chad Harpur is affiliated to Dundee F.C.
Chad Harpur is affiliated to Millwall F.C.
Chad Harpur is affiliated to Leeds United A.F.C.
Krzysztof Nowak is affiliated to GKS Tychy
Krzysztof Nowak is affiliated to pl/RKS Ursus
Krzysztof Nowak is affiliated to GKS Tychy (ice hockey)
Krzysztof Nowak is affiliated to Poland national football team
Krzysztof Nowak is affiliated to Legia Warsaw
Krzysztof Nowak is affiliated to Panachaiki F.C.
Krzysztof Nowak is affiliated to Clube Atlético Paranaense
Krzysztof Nowak is affiliated to VfL Wolfsburg
Krzysztof Nowak is affiliated to de/Legia Warschau
Krzysztof Nowak is affiliated to Polonia Warsaw
Petros Filaniotis is affiliated to Cyprus national football team
Petros Filaniotis is affiliated to PAEEK
Petros Filaniotis is affiliated to Digenis Akritas Morphou
Petros Filaniotis is affiliated to AEL Limassol
Petros Filaniotis is affiliated to Ethnikos Achna FC
Petros Filaniotis is affiliated to APOEL FC
Petros Filaniotis is affiliated to Aris Limassol F.C.
Petros Filaniotis is affiliated to Olympiakos Nicosia
Petros Filaniotis is affiliated to Anorthosis Famagusta FC
Petros Filaniotis is affiliated to AC Omonia
Joseph Stefan works at University of Vienna
Joseph Stefan works at University of Graz
Joseph Stefan works at University of Innsbruck
Joseph Stefan works at Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich
Joseph Stefan works at Leipzig University
Joseph Stefan works at Humboldt University of Berlin
Joseph Stefan works at University of Göttingen
Joseph Stefan works at University of Königsberg
Joseph Stefan works at Vienna University of Technology
Joseph Stefan works at Kaiser Wilhelm Society
"Michael Brown (footballer, born 1977) plays for Hartlepool United F.C."
"Michael Brown (footballer, born 1977) plays for Leeds United A.F.C."
"Michael Brown (footballer, born 1977) plays for Portsmouth F.C."
"Michael Brown (footballer, born 1977) plays for Fulham F.C."
"Michael Brown (footballer, born 1977) plays for Manchester City F.C."
"Michael Brown (footballer, born 1977) plays for Wigan Athletic F.C."
"Michael Brown (footballer, born 1977) plays for Sheffield United F.C."
"Michael Brown (footballer, born 1977) plays for England national under-21 football team"
"Michael Brown (footballer, born 1977) plays for Tottenham Hotspur F.C."
"Michael Brown (footballer, born 1977) plays for England national football team"
Rafael Amaya (soccer) is affiliated to Denver Thunder
Rafael Amaya (soccer) is affiliated to Colorado Foxes
Rafael Amaya (soccer) is affiliated to Wichita Wings
Rafael Amaya (soccer) is affiliated to Colorado Rapids
Rafael Amaya (soccer) is affiliated to San Jose Earthquakes
Rafael Amaya (soccer) is affiliated to Long Island University
Rafael Amaya (soccer) is affiliated to St. Louis Ambush (NPSL)
Rafael Amaya (soccer) is affiliated to United States men's national soccer team
Rafael Amaya (soccer) is affiliated to New England Revolution
Rafael Amaya (soccer) is affiliated to New York Red Bulls
Rouyn-Noranda has website http://www.ville.
Rouyn-Noranda has website Rouyn-Noranda
Rouyn-Noranda has website http://web.archive.org/
Rouyn-Noranda has website Quebec
Rouyn-Noranda has website Turkey
Rouyn-Noranda has website United States
Rouyn-Noranda has website Europe
Rouyn-Noranda has website Switzerland
Rouyn-Noranda has website Germany
Rouyn-Noranda has website Italy
Nathan Lowndes is affiliated to Rotherham United F.C.
Nathan Lowndes is affiliated to Livingston F.C.
Nathan Lowndes is affiliated to Plymouth Argyle F.C.
Nathan Lowndes is affiliated to Chester City F.C.
Nathan Lowndes is affiliated to Leeds United A.F.C.
Nathan Lowndes is affiliated to Watford F.C.
Nathan Lowndes is affiliated to Port Vale F.C.
Nathan Lowndes is affiliated to St. Johnstone F.C.
Nathan Lowndes is affiliated to Oldham Athletic A.F.C.
Nathan Lowndes is affiliated to Stockport County F.C.
Adam van Dommele is affiliated to Modbury Jets
Adam van Dommele is affiliated to North Eastern MetroStars
Adam van Dommele is affiliated to Enfield City FC
Adam van Dommele is affiliated to Adelaide United FC
Adam van Dommele is affiliated to South Australian Sports Institute
Adam van Dommele is affiliated to South Melbourne FC
Adam van Dommele is affiliated to Australia national under-17 association football team
Adam van Dommele is affiliated to Hartlepool United F.C.
Adam van Dommele is affiliated to Para Hills Knights SC
Adam van Dommele is affiliated to Adelaide City FC
Dimps created Sonic the Hedgehog (series)
Dimps created Chrono Trigger
Dimps created The Legend of Zelda
Dimps created Sonic Team
Dimps created Metroid
Dimps created Crash Bandicoot
Dimps created CityCenter
Dimps created Need for Speed
Dimps created Dossia
Dimps created Tony Hawk's (series)
Jim McLean is affiliated to Larkhall Thistle F.C.
Jim McLean is affiliated to Clyde F.C.
Jim McLean is affiliated to Kilmarnock F.C.
Jim McLean is affiliated to Dundee F.C.
Jim McLean is affiliated to Hamilton Academical F.C.
Jim McLean is affiliated to Greenock Morton F.C.
Jim McLean is affiliated to Hibernian F.C.
Jim McLean is affiliated to Rangers F.C.
Jim McLean is affiliated to Motherwell F.C.
Jim McLean is affiliated to Scotland national under-21 football team
Patrick Falk is affiliated to FC Sachsen Leipzig
Patrick Falk is affiliated to Kickers Offenbach
Patrick Falk is affiliated to Rot-Weiß Oberhausen
Patrick Falk is affiliated to Germany national youth football team
Patrick Falk is affiliated to Eintracht Braunschweig
Patrick Falk is affiliated to de/Deutsche Fußballnationalmannschaft (U-20-Männer)
Patrick Falk is affiliated to de/Deutsche Fußballnationalmannschaft (U-17-Junioren)
Patrick Falk is affiliated to Germany national under-21 football team
Patrick Falk is affiliated to Eintracht Frankfurt
Patrick Falk is affiliated to Bayer 04 Leverkusen
Don Was has musical role wordnet piano 103928116
Don Was has musical role wordnet guitar 103467517
Don Was has musical role wordnet vocal music 107282006
Don Was has musical role wordnet synthesist 110687231
Don Was has musical role wordnet drum 103249569
Don Was has musical role wordnet harmonica 103494278
Don Was has musical role wordnet percussion 100545059
Don Was has musical role wordnet bass guitar 102804123
Don Was has musical role wordnet keyboard 103614007
Don Was has musical role wordnet sax 104141076
Nematullo Quttiboev is affiliated to Neftchi Farg'ona FK
Nematullo Quttiboev is affiliated to Qizilqum Zarafshon
Nematullo Quttiboev is affiliated to FC Ordabasy
Nematullo Quttiboev is affiliated to Uzbekistan national football team
Nematullo Quttiboev is affiliated to Pakhtakor Tashkent FK
Nematullo Quttiboev is affiliated to F.C. Pakhtakor Tashkent
Nematullo Quttiboev is affiliated to Lokomotiv Tashkent FK
Nematullo Quttiboev is affiliated to FK Dinamo Samarqand
Nematullo Quttiboev is affiliated to Navbahor Namangan
Nematullo Quttiboev is affiliated to FC Shurtan Guzar
Motörhead has won prize Kerrang! Awards
Motörhead has won prize Grammy Award
Motörhead has won prize Legion of Merit
Motörhead has won prize Brit Awards
Motörhead has won prize Ivor Novello Awards
Motörhead has won prize Legion of Honour
Motörhead has won prize Golden Globe Award
Motörhead has won prize Order of the British Empire
Motörhead has won prize ARIA Music Awards
Motörhead has won prize Tony Award
Kamil Kopúnek was born in Bratislava
Kamil Kopúnek was born in Trnava
Kamil Kopúnek was born in Nitra
Kamil Kopúnek was born in Dunajská Streda
Kamil Kopúnek was born in Zlaté Moravce
Kamil Kopúnek was born in Trenčín
Kamil Kopúnek was born in Žilina
Kamil Kopúnek was born in Košice
"Kamil Kopúnek was born in Martin, Slovakia"
Kamil Kopúnek was born in Komárno
Alghero is located in Province of Sassari
Alghero is located in Italy
Alghero is located in Lists of World Heritage Sites in Europe
Alghero is located in United States
Alghero is located in Sardinia
Alghero is located in Europe
Alghero is located in Tuscany
Alghero is located in Spain
Alghero is located in Lombardy
Alghero is located in Alghero
Patrick M'Boma plays for Vissel Kobe
Patrick M'Boma plays for Al-Ittihad Club (Tripoli)
Patrick M'Boma plays for Paris Saint-Germain F.C.
Patrick M'Boma plays for Gamba Osaka
Patrick M'Boma plays for Tokyo Verdy
Patrick M'Boma plays for LB Châteauroux
Patrick M'Boma plays for FC Metz
Patrick M'Boma plays for Parma F.C.
Patrick M'Boma plays for Sunderland A.F.C.
Patrick M'Boma plays for Cagliari Calcio
Shane Smeltz plays for North Eastern MetroStars
Shane Smeltz plays for Napier City Rovers FC
Shane Smeltz plays for New Zealand national under-23 football team
Shane Smeltz plays for Wellington Phoenix FC
Shane Smeltz plays for Adelaide United FC
Shane Smeltz plays for Adelaide City FC
Shane Smeltz plays for New Zealand national football team
Shane Smeltz plays for Brisbane Strikers FC
Shane Smeltz plays for Perth Glory FC
Shane Smeltz plays for Queensland Academy of Sport
Steve Gohouri has gender male
Steve Gohouri has gender female
Steve Gohouri has gender Tomsk
Steve Gohouri has gender United Kingdom
Steve Gohouri has gender Turkey
Steve Gohouri has gender United States
Steve Gohouri has gender Hong Kong
Steve Gohouri has gender France
Steve Gohouri has gender Azerbaijan
Steve Gohouri has gender Russia
Siphiwe Mkhonza plays for Ria Stars F.C.
Siphiwe Mkhonza plays for Black Leopards F.C.
Siphiwe Mkhonza plays for Maritzburg United F.C.
Siphiwe Mkhonza plays for Bloemfontein Celtic F.C.
Siphiwe Mkhonza plays for Kaizer Chiefs F.C.
Siphiwe Mkhonza plays for AmaZulu F.C.
Siphiwe Mkhonza plays for SuperSport United F.C.
Siphiwe Mkhonza plays for South Africa national football team
Siphiwe Mkhonza plays for Lamontville Golden Arrows F.C.
Siphiwe Mkhonza plays for Mpumalanga Black Aces F.C.
Alex Auld was born in Toronto
Alex Auld was born in Montreal
Alex Auld was born in Hamilton (Ontario)
Alex Auld was born in New York City
"Alex Auld was born in Scarborough, Ontario"
Alex Auld was born in Thunder Bay
Alex Auld was born in Vancouver
Alex Auld was born in Kingston (Ontario)
"Alex Auld was born in Windsor, Ontario"
Alex Auld was born in Regina
Zeb-un-Nisa plays for Mansheyat Bani Hasan
Zeb-un-Nisa plays for Salalah SC
Zeb-un-Nisa plays for Fanja SC
Zeb-un-Nisa plays for Al-Faisaly SC (Amman)
Zeb-un-Nisa plays for Nejmeh SC
Zeb-un-Nisa plays for Zamalek SC
Zeb-un-Nisa plays for Jordan national football team
Zeb-un-Nisa plays for Zamalek Sporting Club
Zeb-un-Nisa plays for Shabab Al-Ordon Club
Zeb-un-Nisa plays for Al-Wehdat SC
Imre Deme is affiliated to Hungary national under-19 football team
Imre Deme is affiliated to Soproni VSE
Imre Deme is affiliated to FC Tatabánya
Imre Deme is affiliated to Újpest FC
Imre Deme is affiliated to Ferencvárosi TC
Imre Deme is affiliated to Hungary national under-17 football team
Imre Deme is affiliated to Hungary national under-21 football team
Imre Deme is affiliated to Hungary national football team
Imre Deme is affiliated to fr/Ferencváros TC (football)
Imre Deme is affiliated to MTK Budapest FC
Kevin Brock (footballer) is affiliated to Oxford City F.C.
Kevin Brock (footballer) is affiliated to Oxford United F.C.
Kevin Brock (footballer) is affiliated to Queens Park Rangers F.C.
Kevin Brock (footballer) is affiliated to Newcastle United F.C.
Kevin Brock (footballer) is affiliated to Cardiff City F.C.
Kevin Brock (footballer) is affiliated to England national under-21 football team
Kevin Brock (footballer) is affiliated to England national football team
Kevin Brock (footballer) is affiliated to Crystal Palace F.C.
Kevin Brock (footballer) is affiliated to Derby County F.C.
Kevin Brock (footballer) is affiliated to Reading F.C.
"Whitman College is located in Walla Walla, Washington"
Whitman College is located in United States
Whitman College is located in California
Whitman College is located in Massachusetts
Whitman College is located in United Kingdom
Whitman College is located in Washington (state)
Whitman College is located in France
Whitman College is located in Texas
Whitman College is located in Minnesota
Whitman College is located in Canada
Ahmed Ouattara (footballer) is affiliated to Africa Sports National
Ahmed Ouattara (footballer) is affiliated to ASEC Mimosas
Ahmed Ouattara (footballer) is affiliated to Africa Sports d'Abidjan
Ahmed Ouattara (footballer) is affiliated to FC Sion
Ahmed Ouattara (footballer) is affiliated to CF Extremadura
Ahmed Ouattara (footballer) is affiliated to S.C. Salgueiros
Ahmed Ouattara (footballer) is affiliated to Ivory Coast national football team
Ahmed Ouattara (footballer) is affiliated to FC Basel
Ahmed Ouattara (footballer) is affiliated to Al Shabab Al Arabi Club
Ahmed Ouattara (footballer) is affiliated to Sporting Clube de Portugal
Charles Pittman (basketball) is affiliated to Okapi Aalstar
Charles Pittman (basketball) is affiliated to Billings Volcanos (basketball)
Charles Pittman (basketball) is affiliated to Lega Basket Serie A
Charles Pittman (basketball) is affiliated to Basketball League Belgium
Charles Pittman (basketball) is affiliated to Élan Chalon
Charles Pittman (basketball) is affiliated to Pallacanestro Varese
Charles Pittman (basketball) is affiliated to Continental Basketball Association
Charles Pittman (basketball) is affiliated to Phoenix Suns
Charles Pittman (basketball) is affiliated to LNB Pro A
Charles Pittman (basketball) is affiliated to Liga ACB
Bełchatów County is located in Bełchatów County
Bełchatów County is located in Gmina Bełchatów
Bełchatów County is located in Łódź Voivodeship
Bełchatów County is located in Europe
Bełchatów County is located in Gmina Zelów
Bełchatów County is located in United States
Bełchatów County is located in Iran
Bełchatów County is located in Asia
Bełchatów County is located in Western United States
Bełchatów County is located in Africa
Errol McFarlane is affiliated to St. Ann's Rangers F.C.
Errol McFarlane is affiliated to North East Stars F.C.
Errol McFarlane is affiliated to Defence Force F.C.
Errol McFarlane is affiliated to Nassau Community College
Errol McFarlane is affiliated to San Juan Jabloteh F.C.
Errol McFarlane is affiliated to Hofstra University
Errol McFarlane is affiliated to Al-Mabarrah
Errol McFarlane is affiliated to Breiðablik UBK
Errol McFarlane is affiliated to Fylkir
Errol McFarlane is affiliated to Rochester Rhinos
Christos Karipidis is affiliated to APOEL FC
Christos Karipidis is affiliated to Greece national under-23 football team
Christos Karipidis is affiliated to PAOK FC
Christos Karipidis is affiliated to Apollon Limassol
Christos Karipidis is affiliated to PAE Kerkyra
Christos Karipidis is affiliated to AC Omonia
Christos Karipidis is affiliated to P.A.O.K. Thessaloniki F.C.
Christos Karipidis is affiliated to APOEL F.C.
Christos Karipidis is affiliated to Kavala F.C.
Christos Karipidis is affiliated to Heart of Midlothian F.C.
Cássio Ramos plays for Sport Club Corinthians Paulista
Cássio Ramos plays for Brazil national under-20 football team
Cássio Ramos plays for Sparta Rotterdam
Cássio Ramos plays for Grêmio Foot-Ball Porto Alegrense
Cássio Ramos plays for PSV Eindhoven
Cássio Ramos plays for P.S.V. Eindhoven
Cássio Ramos plays for S.C. Corinthians Paulista
Cássio Ramos plays for Brazil national football team
Cássio Ramos plays for Clube de Regatas do Flamengo
Cássio Ramos plays for Cruzeiro Esporte Clube
Ahmet Kuru is affiliated to Bozüyükspor
Ahmet Kuru is affiliated to Bandırmaspor
Ahmet Kuru is affiliated to Antalyaspor
Ahmet Kuru is affiliated to SV Werder Bremen II
Ahmet Kuru is affiliated to SV Werder Bremen
Ahmet Kuru is affiliated to Werder Bremen
Ahmet Kuru is affiliated to Medical Park Antalyaspor
Ahmet Kuru is affiliated to Orduspor
Ahmet Kuru is affiliated to Eintracht Braunschweig
Ahmet Kuru is affiliated to FC St. Pauli
Matteo Momentè plays for Calcio Montebelluna
Matteo Momentè plays for Italy national under-16 football team
Matteo Momentè plays for Italy national under-18 football team
Matteo Momentè plays for F.B.C. Unione Venezia
Matteo Momentè plays for U.S. Cremonese
Matteo Momentè plays for A.S. Varese 1910
Matteo Momentè plays for U.C. AlbinoLeffe
Matteo Momentè plays for S.S. Teramo Calcio
Matteo Momentè plays for U.S. Sambenedettese 1923
Matteo Momentè plays for Italy national under-19 football team
Ruaidhrí Higgins plays for League of Ireland XI
Ruaidhrí Higgins plays for Derry City F.C.
Ruaidhrí Higgins plays for Dundalk F.C.
Ruaidhrí Higgins plays for Bohemian F.C.
Ruaidhrí Higgins plays for Coventry City F.C.
Ruaidhrí Higgins plays for Northern Ireland national under-21 football team
Ruaidhrí Higgins plays for Shamrock Rovers F.C.
Ruaidhrí Higgins plays for Northern Ireland national football team
Ruaidhrí Higgins plays for Sligo Rovers F.C.
Ruaidhrí Higgins plays for Republic of Ireland national football team
Bryan Prunty is affiliated to Alloa Athletic F.C.
Bryan Prunty is affiliated to Dumbarton F.C.
Bryan Prunty is affiliated to Airdrieonians F.C.
Bryan Prunty is affiliated to Stirling Albion F.C.
Bryan Prunty is affiliated to Inverness Caledonian Thistle F.C.
Bryan Prunty is affiliated to Aberdeen F.C.
Bryan Prunty is affiliated to Celtic F.C.
Bryan Prunty is affiliated to Scotland national under-21 football team
Bryan Prunty is affiliated to Scotland national under-20 football team
Bryan Prunty is affiliated to Ayr United F.C.
Dejan Vukadinović has gender male
Dejan Vukadinović has gender female
Dejan Vukadinović has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Dejan Vukadinović has gender Tomsk
Dejan Vukadinović has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Dejan Vukadinović has gender wordnet chemical 114806838
Dejan Vukadinović has gender Labour Party (UK)
Dejan Vukadinović has gender wordnet electronics 106099269
Dejan Vukadinović has gender wordnet fabric 103309808
Dejan Vukadinović has gender wordnet machinery 103701640
José Gonçalves is affiliated to FC Sion
José Gonçalves is affiliated to FC Winterthur
José Gonçalves is affiliated to FC St. Gallen
José Gonçalves is affiliated to FC Basel
José Gonçalves is affiliated to 1. FC Nürnberg
José Gonçalves is affiliated to FC Thun
José Gonçalves is affiliated to FBK Kaunas
José Gonçalves is affiliated to Heart of Midlothian F.C.
José Gonçalves is affiliated to 1. FC Nuremberg
José Gonçalves is affiliated to Yverdon-Sport FC
Ben Moody has musical role wordnet drum 103249569
Ben Moody has musical role wordnet bass 104986796
Ben Moody has musical role wordnet vocal music 107282006
Ben Moody has musical role wordnet percussion 100545059
Ben Moody has musical role wordnet piano 103928116
Ben Moody has musical role wordnet guitar 103467517
Ben Moody has musical role wordnet keyboard 103614007
Ben Moody has musical role wordnet harmonica 103494278
Ben Moody has musical role wordnet synthesist 110687231
Ben Moody has musical role wordnet bass guitar 102804123
Géza Kertész is affiliated to Hungary national football team
Géza Kertész is affiliated to Spezia Calcio
Géza Kertész is affiliated to A.S.D. Spezia Calcio 2008
Géza Kertész is affiliated to Ferencvárosi TC
Géza Kertész is affiliated to Újpest FC
Géza Kertész is affiliated to Carrarese Calcio
Géza Kertész is affiliated to Calcio Catania
Géza Kertész is affiliated to Salernitana Calcio 1919
Géza Kertész is affiliated to U.S. Catanzaro 1929
Géza Kertész is affiliated to fr/Ferencváros TC (football)
Éver Alfaro is affiliated to Club de Futbol Universidad de Costa Rica
Éver Alfaro is affiliated to Municipal Pérez Zeledón
Éver Alfaro is affiliated to A.D. Belén
Éver Alfaro is affiliated to Asociación Deportiva Carmelita
Éver Alfaro is affiliated to Costa Rica national football team
Éver Alfaro is affiliated to C.S. Herediano
Éver Alfaro is affiliated to C.F. Mérida
Éver Alfaro is affiliated to Deportivo Saprissa
Éver Alfaro is affiliated to C.F. Atlante
Éver Alfaro is affiliated to Santos de Guápiles
Electorate of Cologne is located in Holy Roman Empire
Electorate of Cologne is located in Europe
Electorate of Cologne is located in Central Europe
Electorate of Cologne is located in Germany
Electorate of Cologne is located in Electorate of Cologne
Electorate of Cologne is located in Low Countries
Electorate of Cologne is located in France
Electorate of Cologne is located in German Confederation
Electorate of Cologne is located in Bavaria
Electorate of Cologne is located in Italy
Vítor Murta plays for Gondomar S.C.
Vítor Murta plays for S.C. Freamunde
Vítor Murta plays for F.C. Vizela
Vítor Murta plays for Gil Vicente F.C.
Vítor Murta plays for SC Vila Real
Vítor Murta plays for Boavista F.C.
Vítor Murta plays for F.C. Famalicão
Vítor Murta plays for F.C. Porto
Vítor Murta plays for F.C. Paços de Ferreira
Vítor Murta plays for C.D. Aves
Kily González is affiliated to Argentina national football team
Kily González is affiliated to Argentina national under-23 football team
Kily González is affiliated to Rosario Central
Kily González is affiliated to C.A. Rosario Central
Kily González is affiliated to San Lorenzo de Almagro
Kily González is affiliated to C.A. San Lorenzo de Almagro
Kily González is affiliated to Boca Juniors
Kily González is affiliated to Valencia CF
Kily González is affiliated to Inter Milan
Kily González is affiliated to Real Zaragoza
Cacau plays for SV Türkgücü-Ataspor München
Cacau plays for 1. FC Nürnberg II
Cacau plays for 1. FC Nürnberg
Cacau plays for Nacional Atlético Clube (SP)
Cacau plays for 1. FC Nuremberg
Cacau plays for Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras
Cacau plays for VfB Stuttgart
Cacau plays for Germany national football team
Cacau plays for S.E. Palmeiras
Cacau plays for TSV 1860 München
Álvaro Negredo has gender male
Álvaro Negredo has gender female
Álvaro Negredo has gender Tomsk
Álvaro Negredo has gender France
Álvaro Negredo has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Álvaro Negredo has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Álvaro Negredo has gender Azerbaijan
Álvaro Negredo has gender United Kingdom
Álvaro Negredo has gender Paris
Álvaro Negredo has gender Golden Globe Award
Emile Berliner is citizen of United States
Emile Berliner is citizen of Germany
Emile Berliner is citizen of United Kingdom
Emile Berliner is citizen of France
Emile Berliner is citizen of Canada
Emile Berliner is citizen of Italy
Emile Berliner is citizen of Australia
Emile Berliner is citizen of Spain
Emile Berliner is citizen of India
Emile Berliner is citizen of Switzerland
Cho Jin-ho (footballer) is affiliated to Hanyang University
Cho Jin-ho (footballer) is affiliated to South Korea national under-23 football team
Cho Jin-ho (footballer) is affiliated to Seongnam FC
Cho Jin-ho (footballer) is affiliated to South Korea national under-20 football team
Cho Jin-ho (footballer) is affiliated to Pohang Steelers
Cho Jin-ho (footballer) is affiliated to South Korea national football team
Cho Jin-ho (footballer) is affiliated to Daejeon Citizen FC
Cho Jin-ho (footballer) is affiliated to Jeonnam Dragons
Cho Jin-ho (footballer) is affiliated to Suwon Samsung Bluewings
Cho Jin-ho (footballer) is affiliated to Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors
Tommy Jones (footballer born 1907) is affiliated to Burnley F.C.
Tommy Jones (footballer born 1907) is affiliated to Blackpool F.C.
Tommy Jones (footballer born 1907) is affiliated to Grimsby Town F.C.
Tommy Jones (footballer born 1907) is affiliated to West Bromwich Albion F.C.
Tommy Jones (footballer born 1907) is affiliated to Accrington Stanley F.C.
Tommy Jones (footballer born 1907) is affiliated to Bury F.C.
Tommy Jones (footballer born 1907) is affiliated to Huddersfield Town F.C.
Tommy Jones (footballer born 1907) is affiliated to Tranmere Rovers F.C.
Tommy Jones (footballer born 1907) is affiliated to Preston North End F.C.
Tommy Jones (footballer born 1907) is affiliated to Blackburn Rovers F.C.
Ship of Fools (film) is located in United States
Ship of Fools (film) is located in United Kingdom
Ship of Fools (film) is located in France
Ship of Fools (film) is located in Germany
Ship of Fools (film) is located in Italy
Ship of Fools (film) is located in Canada
Ship of Fools (film) is located in India
Ship of Fools (film) is located in West Germany
Ship of Fools (film) is located in Hong Kong
Ship of Fools (film) is located in Japan
Sam Raimi directed Spider-Man 3
Sam Raimi directed Spider-Man (2002 film)
Sam Raimi directed Army of Darkness
Sam Raimi directed A Simple Plan (film)
Sam Raimi directed Drag Me to Hell
Sam Raimi directed The Gift (2000 film)
Sam Raimi directed Spider-Man 2
Sam Raimi directed Indian Summer (1993 film)
Sam Raimi directed Wonder Boys (film)
Sam Raimi directed The Evil Dead (franchise)
Ray Barrett has gender male
Ray Barrett has gender female
Ray Barrett has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Ray Barrett has gender United Kingdom
Ray Barrett has gender France
Ray Barrett has gender United States
Ray Barrett has gender Tomsk
Ray Barrett has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Ray Barrett has gender Turkey
Ray Barrett has gender Ukraine
James Thomas (footballer) plays for Dandenong Thunder SC
James Thomas (footballer) plays for Llanelli A.F.C.
James Thomas (footballer) plays for Swansea City A.F.C.
James Thomas (footballer) plays for Bristol Rovers F.C.
James Thomas (footballer) plays for Blackburn Rovers F.C.
James Thomas (footballer) plays for Sheffield United F.C.
James Thomas (footballer) plays for West Bromwich Albion F.C.
James Thomas (footballer) plays for Blackpool F.C.
James Thomas (footballer) plays for Cardiff City F.C.
James Thomas (footballer) plays for Newport County A.F.C.
Álvaro Mejía Pérez is affiliated to Real Madrid Castilla
Álvaro Mejía Pérez is affiliated to Real Madrid C
Álvaro Mejía Pérez is affiliated to Real Murcia
Álvaro Mejía Pérez is affiliated to Las Rozas CF
Álvaro Mejía Pérez is affiliated to AC Arles-Avignon
Álvaro Mejía Pérez is affiliated to Real Madrid C.F.
Álvaro Mejía Pérez is affiliated to UD Almería
Álvaro Mejía Pérez is affiliated to Real Murcia C.F.
Álvaro Mejía Pérez is affiliated to Torku Konyaspor
Álvaro Mejía Pérez is affiliated to Ergotelis F.C.
Dmitri Zinovich is affiliated to FC Saturn-2 Moscow Region
Dmitri Zinovich is affiliated to FC Olimpia Gelendzhik
Dmitri Zinovich is affiliated to FC Lokomotiv-2 Moscow
Dmitri Zinovich is affiliated to FC Torpedo Vladimir
Dmitri Zinovich is affiliated to FC Saturn Ramenskoye
Dmitri Zinovich is affiliated to PFC Spartak Nalchik
Dmitri Zinovich is affiliated to FC Shinnik Yaroslavl
Dmitri Zinovich is affiliated to FC Zenit Penza
Dmitri Zinovich is affiliated to Saturn Moscow Oblast
Dmitri Zinovich is affiliated to FC Lokomotiv Moscow
Irakli Zoidze has gender male
Irakli Zoidze has gender female
Irakli Zoidze has gender Republican Party (United States)
Irakli Zoidze has gender Democratic Party (United States)
Irakli Zoidze has gender Golden Globe Award
Irakli Zoidze has gender Paris
Irakli Zoidze has gender wordnet chemical 114806838
Irakli Zoidze has gender wordnet machinery 103701640
Irakli Zoidze has gender France
Irakli Zoidze has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Petar Borota is affiliated to OFK Beograd
Petar Borota is affiliated to FK Partizan
Petar Borota is affiliated to Yugoslavia national football team
Petar Borota is affiliated to F.K. Partizan
Petar Borota is affiliated to Boavista F.C.
Petar Borota is affiliated to O.F.K. Beograd
Petar Borota is affiliated to Chelsea F.C.
Petar Borota is affiliated to Portimonense S.C.
Petar Borota is affiliated to Brentford F.C.
Petar Borota is affiliated to F.C. Porto
Jewish Autonomous Oblast is located in Far Eastern economic region
Jewish Autonomous Oblast is located in Far Eastern Federal District
Jewish Autonomous Oblast is located in United States
Jewish Autonomous Oblast is located in Jewish Autonomous Oblast
Jewish Autonomous Oblast is located in Europe
Jewish Autonomous Oblast is located in Asia
Jewish Autonomous Oblast is located in Amur River
Jewish Autonomous Oblast is located in Canada
Jewish Autonomous Oblast is located in China
Jewish Autonomous Oblast is located in Japan
Pollen Ndlanya plays for Manning Rangers F.C.
Pollen Ndlanya plays for Orlando Pirates
Pollen Ndlanya plays for Kaizer Chiefs F.C.
Pollen Ndlanya plays for Bursaspor
Pollen Ndlanya plays for AmaZulu F.C.
Pollen Ndlanya plays for Göztepe S.K.
Pollen Ndlanya plays for Manchester City F.C.
Pollen Ndlanya plays for South Africa national football team
Pollen Ndlanya plays for Jomo Cosmos F.C.
Pollen Ndlanya plays for Moroka Swallows F.C.
Hugh Robertson (footballer born 1975) has gender male
Hugh Robertson (footballer born 1975) has gender female
Hugh Robertson (footballer born 1975) has gender Azerbaijan
Hugh Robertson (footballer born 1975) has gender United Kingdom
Hugh Robertson (footballer born 1975) has gender France
Hugh Robertson (footballer born 1975) has gender Turkey
Hugh Robertson (footballer born 1975) has gender Tomsk
Hugh Robertson (footballer born 1975) has gender United States
Hugh Robertson (footballer born 1975) has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Hugh Robertson (footballer born 1975) has gender César Award
"Ferdinand, Duke of Parma has child Pauline Bonaparte"
"Ferdinand, Duke of Parma has child Ferdinand, Duke of Parma"
"Ferdinand, Duke of Parma has child Philip, Duke of Parma"
"Ferdinand, Duke of Parma has child Louis, King of Etruria"
"Ferdinand, Duke of Parma has child Louise Élisabeth of France"
"Ferdinand, Duke of Parma has child Archduchess Maria Amalia of Austria"
"Ferdinand, Duke of Parma has child Maria Luisa of Parma"
"Ferdinand, Duke of Parma has child Philip V of Spain"
"Ferdinand, Duke of Parma has child Elisabetta Farnese"
"Ferdinand, Duke of Parma has child Ferdinand VII of Spain"
Ricardo Mauricio Martínez is affiliated to Cruz Azul Hidalgo
Ricardo Mauricio Martínez is affiliated to Santos Laguna
Ricardo Mauricio Martínez is affiliated to Club Santos Laguna
Ricardo Mauricio Martínez is affiliated to Club León
Ricardo Mauricio Martínez is affiliated to Lobos de la BUAP
Ricardo Mauricio Martínez is affiliated to C.D. Guadalajara
Ricardo Mauricio Martínez is affiliated to Monarcas Morelia
Ricardo Mauricio Martínez is affiliated to Indios de Ciudad Juárez
Ricardo Mauricio Martínez is affiliated to C.F. Monterrey
Ricardo Mauricio Martínez is affiliated to Mexico national football team
Park Ju-sung plays for Kwangwoon University
Park Ju-sung plays for Gwangju Sangmu FC
Park Ju-sung plays for South Korea national under-20 football team
Park Ju-sung plays for South Korea national under-23 football team
Park Ju-sung plays for South Korea national football team
Park Ju-sung plays for Vegalta Sendai
Park Ju-sung plays for Suwon Samsung Bluewings
Park Ju-sung plays for Gyeongnam FC
Park Ju-sung plays for Pohang Steelers
Park Ju-sung plays for Busan IPark
"Margaret III, Countess of Flanders has child John the Fearless"
"Margaret III, Countess of Flanders has child Margaret III, Countess of Flanders"
"Margaret III, Countess of Flanders has child Philip the Bold"
"Margaret III, Countess of Flanders has child Philip I, Duke of Burgundy"
"Margaret III, Countess of Flanders has child Joan I, Countess of Auvergne"
"Margaret III, Countess of Flanders has child Margaret of Bavaria"
"Margaret III, Countess of Flanders has child John II of France"
"Margaret III, Countess of Flanders has child Anthony, Duke of Brabant"
"Margaret III, Countess of Flanders has child Bonne of Bohemia"
"Margaret III, Countess of Flanders has child Joanna of Bourbon"
Marcell Takács plays for FC Schötz
Marcell Takács plays for Ceglédi VSE
Marcell Takács plays for BKV Előre SC
Marcell Takács plays for BFC Siófok
Marcell Takács plays for MTK Budapest FC
Marcell Takács plays for Goslarer SC 08
Marcell Takács plays for Újpest FC
Marcell Takács plays for Budapest Honvéd FC
Marcell Takács plays for FC Tatabánya
Marcell Takács plays for Hungary national under-19 football team
Vítor Vinha is affiliated to Portugal national under-21 football team
Vítor Vinha is affiliated to C.D. Aves
Vítor Vinha is affiliated to Gil Vicente F.C.
Vítor Vinha is affiliated to C.F. Estrela da Amadora
Vítor Vinha is affiliated to S.C. Olhanense
Vítor Vinha is affiliated to Portugal national under-20 football team
Vítor Vinha is affiliated to Nea Salamis Famagusta FC
Vítor Vinha is affiliated to Associação Académica de Coimbra – O.A.F.
Vítor Vinha is affiliated to Vitória S.C.
Vítor Vinha is affiliated to Vitória F.C.
Antonio López Habas plays for Sevilla FC
Antonio López Habas plays for Sevilla Atlético
Antonio López Habas plays for Real Murcia
Antonio López Habas plays for Atlético Madrid
Antonio López Habas plays for Burgos CF (I)
Antonio López Habas plays for Club Bolívar
Antonio López Habas plays for Sevilla F.C.
Antonio López Habas plays for Bolivia national football team
Antonio López Habas plays for Real Murcia C.F.
Antonio López Habas plays for UE Lleida
Ulrich Le Pen is affiliated to RC Strasbourg
Ulrich Le Pen is affiliated to Stade Lavallois
Ulrich Le Pen is affiliated to Stade Rennais F.C.
Ulrich Le Pen is affiliated to R.C. Strasbourg
Ulrich Le Pen is affiliated to F.C. Lorient
Ulrich Le Pen is affiliated to FC Lorient
Ulrich Le Pen is affiliated to Ipswich Town F.C.
Ulrich Le Pen is affiliated to France national under-21 football team
Ulrich Le Pen is affiliated to En Avant de Guingamp
Ulrich Le Pen is affiliated to Olympique de Marseille
Hideaki Ozawa is affiliated to F.C. Tokyo
Hideaki Ozawa is affiliated to Kashima Antlers
Hideaki Ozawa is affiliated to Cerezo Osaka
Hideaki Ozawa is affiliated to Albirex Niigata
Hideaki Ozawa is affiliated to Yokohama F. Marinos
Hideaki Ozawa is affiliated to Sportivo Luqueño
Hideaki Ozawa is affiliated to Japan national football team
Hideaki Ozawa is affiliated to Tokyo Verdy
Hideaki Ozawa is affiliated to Shonan Bellmare
Hideaki Ozawa is affiliated to Avispa Fukuoka
Bradley Walsh has gender male
Bradley Walsh has gender female
Bradley Walsh has gender France
Bradley Walsh has gender Germany
Bradley Walsh has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Bradley Walsh has gender Bulgaria
Bradley Walsh has gender Turkey
Bradley Walsh has gender Azerbaijan
Bradley Walsh has gender Golden Globe Award
Bradley Walsh has gender Brazil
Ángel Médici is affiliated to Club Atlético San Telmo
Ángel Médici is affiliated to Club Atlético Atlanta
Ángel Médici is affiliated to Barracas Central
Ángel Médici is affiliated to Boca Juniors
Ángel Médici is affiliated to Argentina national football team
Ángel Médici is affiliated to Sportivo Barracas
Ángel Médici is affiliated to Club Atlético River Plate
Ángel Médici is affiliated to All Boys
Ángel Médici is affiliated to C.A. River Plate
Ángel Médici is affiliated to A.A. Argentinos Juniors
Éric Deflandre plays for RFC Liège
Éric Deflandre plays for Belgium national football team
Éric Deflandre plays for F.C. Verbroedering Dender Eendracht Hekelgem
Éric Deflandre plays for Lierse S.K.
Éric Deflandre plays for Standard Liège
Éric Deflandre plays for RWDM Brussels FC
Éric Deflandre plays for Beerschot AC
Éric Deflandre plays for Club Brugge KV
Éric Deflandre plays for Olympique Lyonnais
Éric Deflandre plays for Club Brugge K.V.
Ricardo Iribarren is affiliated to Milwaukee Rampage
Ricardo Iribarren is affiliated to FC Dallas
Ricardo Iribarren is affiliated to Club Atlético Belgrano
Ricardo Iribarren is affiliated to Club Almagro
Ricardo Iribarren is affiliated to Estudiantes de La Plata
Ricardo Iribarren is affiliated to Pittsburgh Riverhounds
Ricardo Iribarren is affiliated to LDU Quito
Ricardo Iribarren is affiliated to Columbus Crew
Ricardo Iribarren is affiliated to F.C. Dallas
Ricardo Iribarren is affiliated to D.C. United
"Reading, Massachusetts is located in Middlesex County, Massachusetts"
"Reading, Massachusetts is located in United States"
"Reading, Massachusetts is located in Massachusetts"
"Reading, Massachusetts is located in United Kingdom"
"Reading, Massachusetts is located in France"
"Reading, Massachusetts is located in California"
"Reading, Massachusetts is located in Canada"
"Reading, Massachusetts is located in India"
"Reading, Massachusetts is located in Pennsylvania"
"Reading, Massachusetts is located in Netherlands"
Andy Roxburgh is affiliated to Queen's Park F.C.
Andy Roxburgh is affiliated to East Stirlingshire F.C.
Andy Roxburgh is affiliated to Clydebank F.C.
Andy Roxburgh is affiliated to Partick Thistle F.C.
Andy Roxburgh is affiliated to Falkirk F.C.
Andy Roxburgh is affiliated to Scotland national football team
Andy Roxburgh is affiliated to Rangers F.C.
Andy Roxburgh is affiliated to St. Mirren F.C.
Andy Roxburgh is affiliated to Scottish Football League XI
Andy Roxburgh is affiliated to Celtic F.C.
Mevlüt Erdinç plays for Jura Sud Lavans
Mevlüt Erdinç plays for FC Sochaux-Montbéliard
Mevlüt Erdinç plays for Turkey national under-19 football team
Mevlüt Erdinç plays for Turkey national under-21 football team
Mevlüt Erdinç plays for AS Saint-Étienne
Mevlüt Erdinç plays for Stade Rennais F.C.
Mevlüt Erdinç plays for France national under-17 football team
Mevlüt Erdinç plays for A.S. Saint-Étienne
Mevlüt Erdinç plays for F.C. Sochaux-Montbéliard
Mevlüt Erdinç plays for Paris Saint-Germain F.C.
"John II, Duke of Saxe-Weimar was born in Weimar"
"John II, Duke of Saxe-Weimar was born in Altenburg"
"John II, Duke of Saxe-Weimar was born in London"
"John II, Duke of Saxe-Weimar was born in Torgau"
"John II, Duke of Saxe-Weimar was born in Paris"
"John II, Duke of Saxe-Weimar was born in New York City"
"John II, Duke of Saxe-Weimar was born in Dessau"
"John II, Duke of Saxe-Weimar was born in Vienna"
"John II, Duke of Saxe-Weimar was born in Stuttgart"
"John II, Duke of Saxe-Weimar was born in Berlin"
Mike Salmon plays for Wrexham F.C.
Mike Salmon plays for Chester City F.C.
Mike Salmon plays for Ipswich Town F.C.
Mike Salmon plays for Stockport County F.C.
Mike Salmon plays for Blackburn Rovers F.C.
Mike Salmon plays for Charlton Athletic F.C.
Mike Salmon plays for Bolton Wanderers F.C.
Mike Salmon plays for Oxford United F.C.
Mike Salmon plays for Vancouver Whitecaps FC
Mike Salmon plays for Manchester City F.C.
Jonathan Greening has gender male
Jonathan Greening has gender female
Jonathan Greening has gender Azerbaijan
Jonathan Greening has gender Tomsk
Jonathan Greening has gender United Kingdom
Jonathan Greening has gender France
Jonathan Greening has gender Turkey
Jonathan Greening has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Jonathan Greening has gender United States
Jonathan Greening has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Leung Chi Wing plays for Mutual FC
Leung Chi Wing plays for Sun Hei SC
Leung Chi Wing plays for Eastern AA
Leung Chi Wing plays for Tai Chung FC
Leung Chi Wing plays for Hong Kong national football team
Leung Chi Wing plays for Hong Kong Rangers FC
Leung Chi Wing plays for Happy Valley AA
Leung Chi Wing plays for Kitchee SC
Leung Chi Wing plays for South China AA
Leung Chi Wing plays for Yee Hope FC
Alex dos Santos Gonçalves is affiliated to CS Pandurii Târgu Jiu
Alex dos Santos Gonçalves is affiliated to América Futebol Clube (RN)
Alex dos Santos Gonçalves is affiliated to CS Concordia Chiajna
Alex dos Santos Gonçalves is affiliated to FC Universitatea Cluj
Alex dos Santos Gonçalves is affiliated to Fluminense FC
Alex dos Santos Gonçalves is affiliated to FK Teleoptik
Alex dos Santos Gonçalves is affiliated to Sport Club Internacional
Alex dos Santos Gonçalves is affiliated to Grêmio Foot-Ball Porto Alegrense
Alex dos Santos Gonçalves is affiliated to Tombense Futebol Clube
Alex dos Santos Gonçalves is affiliated to Figueirense Futebol Clube
Yves Leterme graduated from Ghent University
Yves Leterme graduated from Vrije Universiteit Brussel
Yves Leterme graduated from Katholieke Universiteit Leuven
Yves Leterme graduated from Université libre de Bruxelles
Yves Leterme graduated from Catholic University of Leuven (1834–1968)
Yves Leterme graduated from University of Liège
Yves Leterme graduated from University of Antwerp
Yves Leterme graduated from Université catholique de Louvain
Yves Leterme graduated from Sciences Po
Yves Leterme graduated from University of Strasbourg
Joe Roulson is affiliated to Cammell Laird 1907 F.C.
Joe Roulson is affiliated to Swansea City A.F.C.
Joe Roulson is affiliated to Birmingham City F.C.
Joe Roulson is affiliated to Leyton Orient F.C.
Joe Roulson is affiliated to Sheffield United F.C.
Joe Roulson is affiliated to Tranmere Rovers F.C.
Joe Roulson is affiliated to Huddersfield Town F.C.
Joe Roulson is affiliated to Wales national football team
Joe Roulson is affiliated to Crystal Palace F.C.
Joe Roulson is affiliated to Sheffield Wednesday F.C.
Thomas Sørum has gender male
Thomas Sørum has gender female
Thomas Sørum has gender César Award
Thomas Sørum has gender Golden Globe Award
Thomas Sørum has gender Bulgaria
Thomas Sørum has gender Azerbaijan
Thomas Sørum has gender Tomsk
Thomas Sørum has gender United Kingdom
Thomas Sørum has gender Italy
Thomas Sørum has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Tada Keelalay is affiliated to Krung Thai Bank F.C.
Tada Keelalay is affiliated to Chanthaburi F.C.
Tada Keelalay is affiliated to Air Force Central F.C.
Tada Keelalay is affiliated to Bangkok Bank F.C.
Tada Keelalay is affiliated to Thailand national football team
Tada Keelalay is affiliated to Bangkok Glass F.C.
Tada Keelalay is affiliated to Singhtarua F.C.
Tada Keelalay is affiliated to TTM Customs F.C.
Tada Keelalay is affiliated to Buriram United F.C.
Tada Keelalay is affiliated to BEC Tero Sasana F.C.
Tom Bayley is affiliated to Leamington F.C.
Tom Bayley is affiliated to South Shields F.C.
Tom Bayley is affiliated to Walsall F.C.
Tom Bayley is affiliated to Birmingham City F.C.
Tom Bayley is affiliated to Watford F.C.
Tom Bayley is affiliated to Gainsborough Trinity F.C.
Tom Bayley is affiliated to Northampton Town F.C.
Tom Bayley is affiliated to Lincoln City F.C.
Tom Bayley is affiliated to Aston Villa F.C.
Tom Bayley is affiliated to Grimsby Town F.C.
Sal Zizzo has gender male
Sal Zizzo has gender female
Sal Zizzo has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Sal Zizzo has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Sal Zizzo has gender London Heathrow Terminal 3
Sal Zizzo has gender Labour Party (UK)
Sal Zizzo has gender United Kingdom
Sal Zizzo has gender Democratic Party (United States)
Sal Zizzo has gender Republican Party (United States)
Sal Zizzo has gender Eduardo Gomes International Airport
Ricky Sappleton plays for Jamaica national football team
Ricky Sappleton plays for Bishop's Stortford F.C.
Ricky Sappleton plays for A.F.C. Telford United
Ricky Sappleton plays for Billericay Town F.C.
Ricky Sappleton plays for Oxford United F.C.
Ricky Sappleton plays for Queens Park Rangers F.C.
Ricky Sappleton plays for A.F.C. Bournemouth
Ricky Sappleton plays for Macclesfield Town F.C.
Ricky Sappleton plays for Leicester City F.C.
Ricky Sappleton plays for Grays Athletic F.C.
Matthew Gill plays for Notts County F.C.
Matthew Gill plays for Bristol Rovers F.C.
Matthew Gill plays for Peterborough United F.C.
Matthew Gill plays for Tranmere Rovers F.C.
Matthew Gill plays for Walsall F.C.
Matthew Gill plays for Exeter City F.C.
Matthew Gill plays for Norwich City F.C.
Matthew Gill plays for Birmingham City F.C.
Matthew Gill plays for Swindon Town F.C.
Matthew Gill plays for Shrewsbury Town F.C.
Davide Pinato is affiliated to S.S.D. Piacenza Calcio 1919
Davide Pinato is affiliated to A.C. Milan
Davide Pinato is affiliated to U.C. Sampdoria
Davide Pinato is affiliated to Atalanta B.C.
Davide Pinato is affiliated to A.C. Monza Brianza 1912
Davide Pinato is affiliated to Piacenza Calcio
Davide Pinato is affiliated to Italy national under-21 football team
Davide Pinato is affiliated to Italy national football team
Davide Pinato is affiliated to Parma F.C.
Davide Pinato is affiliated to Inter Milan
Mithun Chowdhury Mithun plays for Sheikh Jamal Dhanmondi Club
Mithun Chowdhury Mithun plays for Sheikh Russel KC
Mithun Chowdhury Mithun plays for Bangladesh national football team
Mithun Chowdhury Mithun plays for Muktijoddha Sangsad KS
Mithun Chowdhury Mithun plays for Abahani Limited (Dhaka)
Mithun Chowdhury Mithun plays for Mohammedan Sporting Club (Dhaka)
Mithun Chowdhury Mithun plays for Independent (politician)
Mithun Chowdhury Mithun plays for New England Revolution
Mithun Chowdhury Mithun plays for Haiti national football team
Mithun Chowdhury Mithun plays for Pune F.C.
Jorge López Caballero is affiliated to Deportivo Pereira
Jorge López Caballero is affiliated to Maccabi Netanya F.C.
Jorge López Caballero is affiliated to Boyacá Chicó F.C.
Jorge López Caballero is affiliated to Millonarios Fútbol Club
Jorge López Caballero is affiliated to Deportivo Cali
Jorge López Caballero is affiliated to Colombia national football team
Jorge López Caballero is affiliated to América de Cali
Jorge López Caballero is affiliated to Deportivo Pasto
Jorge López Caballero is affiliated to Deportes Tolima
Jorge López Caballero is affiliated to Atlético Nacional
Alexander Bade plays for Arminia Bielefeld
Alexander Bade plays for KFC Uerdingen 05
Alexander Bade plays for Tennis Borussia Berlin
Alexander Bade plays for 1. FC Köln
Alexander Bade plays for VfL Bochum
Alexander Bade plays for SC Paderborn 07
Alexander Bade plays for Hamburger SV
Alexander Bade plays for Borussia Dortmund
Alexander Bade plays for 1. FC Cologne
Alexander Bade plays for K.F.C. Uerdingen 05
Gmina Klimontów is located in Sandomierz County
Gmina Klimontów is located in United States
Gmina Klimontów is located in Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship
Gmina Klimontów is located in Poland
Gmina Klimontów is located in Masovian Voivodeship
Gmina Klimontów is located in Greater Poland Voivodeship
Gmina Klimontów is located in Łódź Voivodeship
Gmina Klimontów is located in Iran
Gmina Klimontów is located in India
Gmina Klimontów is located in China
Giles Barnes plays for West Bromwich Albion F.C.
Giles Barnes plays for Houston Dynamo
Giles Barnes plays for Fulham F.C.
Giles Barnes plays for Doncaster Rovers F.C.
Giles Barnes plays for Derby County F.C.
Giles Barnes plays for England national football team
Giles Barnes plays for England national under-19 football team
Giles Barnes plays for England national under-21 football team
Giles Barnes plays for Leicester City F.C.
Giles Barnes plays for Birmingham City F.C.
Alex Nimo is affiliated to Tartu JK Tammeka
Alex Nimo is affiliated to Real Salt Lake
Alex Nimo is affiliated to United States men's national under-20 soccer team
Alex Nimo is affiliated to Portland Timbers (2001–10)
Alex Nimo is affiliated to United States men's national under-17 soccer team
Alex Nimo is affiliated to United States men's national under-23 soccer team
Alex Nimo is affiliated to Liberia national football team
Alex Nimo is affiliated to Portland Timbers
Alex Nimo is affiliated to Colorado Rapids
Alex Nimo is affiliated to United States men's national under-18 soccer team
Magnus Eriksson (footballer born 1990) plays for AFC United
Magnus Eriksson (footballer born 1990) plays for Sweden national under-19 football team
Magnus Eriksson (footballer born 1990) plays for Sweden national under-21 football team
Magnus Eriksson (footballer born 1990) plays for Sweden national under-17 football team
Magnus Eriksson (footballer born 1990) plays for AIK Fotboll
Magnus Eriksson (footballer born 1990) plays for Åtvidabergs FF
Magnus Eriksson (footballer born 1990) plays for Sweden national football team
Magnus Eriksson (footballer born 1990) plays for Malmö FF
Magnus Eriksson (footballer born 1990) plays for AIK Solna
Magnus Eriksson (footballer born 1990) plays for K.A.A. Gent
Billy Mercer (footballer born 1969) plays for Rotherham United F.C.
Billy Mercer (footballer born 1969) plays for Sheffield United F.C.
Billy Mercer (footballer born 1969) plays for Bristol City F.C.
Billy Mercer (footballer born 1969) plays for Nottingham Forest F.C.
Billy Mercer (footballer born 1969) plays for Liverpool F.C.
Billy Mercer (footballer born 1969) plays for Burnley F.C.
Billy Mercer (footballer born 1969) plays for Chesterfield F.C.
Billy Mercer (footballer born 1969) plays for Huddersfield Town F.C.
Billy Mercer (footballer born 1969) plays for England national football team
Billy Mercer (footballer born 1969) plays for England national under-21 football team
Klaus Salmutter is affiliated to S.K. Sturm Graz
Klaus Salmutter is affiliated to SK Sturm Graz
Klaus Salmutter is affiliated to LASK Linz
Klaus Salmutter is affiliated to Austria national football team
Klaus Salmutter is affiliated to Austria national under-21 football team
Klaus Salmutter is affiliated to L.A.S.K. Linz
Klaus Salmutter is affiliated to FC Schalke 04
Klaus Salmutter is affiliated to FK Austria Wien
Klaus Salmutter is affiliated to SK Rapid Wien
Klaus Salmutter is affiliated to F.C. Red Bull Salzburg
Georgi Georgiev (footballer born 1988) plays for PFC Minyor Radnevo
Georgi Georgiev (footballer born 1988) plays for FC Svilengrad 1921
Georgi Georgiev (footballer born 1988) plays for OFC Sliven 2000
Georgi Georgiev (footballer born 1988) plays for PFC Lokomotiv Mezdra
Georgi Georgiev (footballer born 1988) plays for FC Sheriff Tiraspol
Georgi Georgiev (footballer born 1988) plays for FC Tiraspol
Georgi Georgiev (footballer born 1988) plays for PFC Levski Sofia
Georgi Georgiev (footballer born 1988) plays for Bulgaria national under-21 football team
Georgi Georgiev (footballer born 1988) plays for FC Lyubimets 2007
Georgi Georgiev (footballer born 1988) plays for PFC Slavia Sofia
Issam Fayel Al-Sinani is affiliated to Sur SC
Issam Fayel Al-Sinani is affiliated to Oman national football team
Issam Fayel Al-Sinani is affiliated to Al Jahra SC
Issam Fayel Al-Sinani is affiliated to Kazma Sporting Club
Issam Fayel Al-Sinani is affiliated to Al-Nasr SC (Kuwait)
Issam Fayel Al-Sinani is affiliated to Al-Suwaiq Club
Issam Fayel Al-Sinani is affiliated to Dhofar S.C.S.C.
Issam Fayel Al-Sinani is affiliated to Muscat Club
Issam Fayel Al-Sinani is affiliated to Al-Nasr S.C.S.C.
Issam Fayel Al-Sinani is affiliated to Al-Shabab Club (Oman)
Mokete Tsotetsi is affiliated to Vasco da Gama (South Africa)
Mokete Tsotetsi is affiliated to Bloemfontein Celtic F.C.
Mokete Tsotetsi is affiliated to Bidvest Wits F.C.
Mokete Tsotetsi is affiliated to South Africa national football team
Mokete Tsotetsi is affiliated to Jomo Cosmos F.C.
Mokete Tsotetsi is affiliated to Kaizer Chiefs F.C.
Mokete Tsotetsi is affiliated to SuperSport United F.C.
Mokete Tsotetsi is affiliated to Mamelodi Sundowns F.C.
Mokete Tsotetsi is affiliated to Moroka Swallows F.C.
Mokete Tsotetsi is affiliated to Orlando Pirates
Paulius Grybauskas is affiliated to FK Trakai
Paulius Grybauskas is affiliated to FK Ekranas
Paulius Grybauskas is affiliated to FC Vilnius
Paulius Grybauskas is affiliated to Wigry Suwałki
Paulius Grybauskas is affiliated to Lithuania national football team
Paulius Grybauskas is affiliated to FC Shakhtyor Salihorsk
Paulius Grybauskas is affiliated to Skonto FC
Paulius Grybauskas is affiliated to FC Oțelul Galați
Paulius Grybauskas is affiliated to VMFD Žalgiris Vilnius
Paulius Grybauskas is affiliated to Neftchi Baku PFK
Néstor Kirchner graduated from National University of La Plata
Néstor Kirchner graduated from London School of Economics
Néstor Kirchner graduated from Néstor Kirchner
Néstor Kirchner graduated from National University of Córdoba
Néstor Kirchner graduated from Georgetown University
Néstor Kirchner graduated from University of Oxford
Néstor Kirchner graduated from University of Michigan
Néstor Kirchner graduated from Dartmouth College
Néstor Kirchner graduated from Cristina Fernández de Kirchner
Néstor Kirchner graduated from Harvard University
Levon Hayrapetyan is affiliated to Armenia national under-21 football team
Levon Hayrapetyan is affiliated to FC Pyunik
Levon Hayrapetyan is affiliated to Armenia national under-19 football team
Levon Hayrapetyan is affiliated to Hamburger SV
Levon Hayrapetyan is affiliated to Armenia national football team
Levon Hayrapetyan is affiliated to Lechia Gdańsk
Levon Hayrapetyan is affiliated to Hamburger SV II
Levon Hayrapetyan is affiliated to Widzew Łódź
Levon Hayrapetyan is affiliated to 1. FK Příbram
Levon Hayrapetyan is affiliated to FC Ararat Yerevan
Diktmar Hernández plays for C.D.S. Vida
Diktmar Hernández plays for C.D. Marathón
Diktmar Hernández plays for Comayagua F.C.
Diktmar Hernández plays for C.D. Victoria
Diktmar Hernández plays for C.D. Motagua
Diktmar Hernández plays for Honduras national football team
Diktmar Hernández plays for Deportes Savio
Diktmar Hernández plays for Real C.D. España
Diktmar Hernández plays for Platense F.C.
Diktmar Hernández plays for Club Deportivo Olimpia
Uwe Grauer plays for FC Schalke 04 II
Uwe Grauer plays for SG Wattenscheid 09
Uwe Grauer plays for KFC Uerdingen 05
Uwe Grauer plays for SSV Ulm 1846
Uwe Grauer plays for Hammer SpVg
Uwe Grauer plays for K.F.C. Uerdingen 05
Uwe Grauer plays for FC Schalke 04
Uwe Grauer plays for Borussia Dortmund
Uwe Grauer plays for Rot-Weiss Essen
Uwe Grauer plays for VfL Bochum
Davide Moscardelli is affiliated to S.S.D. Piacenza Calcio 1919
Davide Moscardelli is affiliated to A.C. Rimini 1912
Davide Moscardelli is affiliated to A.S.D. SanGiovanniValdarno
Davide Moscardelli is affiliated to A.C. Chievo Verona
Davide Moscardelli is affiliated to Bologna F.C. 1909
Davide Moscardelli is affiliated to Unione Triestina 2012 S.S.D.
Davide Moscardelli is affiliated to Piacenza Calcio
Davide Moscardelli is affiliated to A.C. Cesena
Davide Moscardelli is affiliated to U.S. Triestina Calcio
Davide Moscardelli is affiliated to A.C. ChievoVerona
Teruyoshi Ito plays for AC Nagano Parceiro
Teruyoshi Ito plays for Shimizu S-Pulse
Teruyoshi Ito plays for Japan national football team
Teruyoshi Ito plays for Ventforet Kofu
Teruyoshi Ito plays for JEF United Ichihara Chiba
Teruyoshi Ito plays for Tokyo Verdy
Teruyoshi Ito plays for Júbilo Iwata
Teruyoshi Ito plays for Shimizu Higashi High School
Teruyoshi Ito plays for Yokohama F. Marinos
Teruyoshi Ito plays for Sagan Tosu
Rob Minkoff directed The Lion King
Rob Minkoff directed Stuart Little (film)
Rob Minkoff directed Mr. Peabody & Sherman
Rob Minkoff directed The Forbidden Kingdom
Rob Minkoff directed Rob Minkoff
Rob Minkoff directed The Lion King 1½
Rob Minkoff directed Stuart Little 2
Rob Minkoff directed Titan A.E.
Rob Minkoff directed Alice in Wonderland (2010 film)
Rob Minkoff directed Chinese Box
Gary Parkinson plays for Rossendale United F.C.
Gary Parkinson plays for Stalybridge Celtic F.C.
Gary Parkinson plays for Burnley F.C.
Gary Parkinson plays for Everton F.C.
Gary Parkinson plays for Blackpool F.C.
Gary Parkinson plays for Bolton Wanderers F.C.
Gary Parkinson plays for Preston North End F.C.
Gary Parkinson plays for Middlesbrough F.C.
Gary Parkinson plays for Southend United F.C.
Gary Parkinson plays for Oldham Athletic A.F.C.
Ourense is located in Province of Ourense
Ourense is located in Ourense (comarca)
Ourense is located in Galicia (Spain)
Ourense is located in Ourense
Ourense is located in Spain
Ourense is located in Province of Lugo
Ourense is located in Province of A Coruña
Ourense is located in A Coruña Province
Ourense is located in United States
Ourense is located in Lugo
Abdoul Karim Sylla is affiliated to Satellite FC
Abdoul Karim Sylla is affiliated to AS Kaloum Star
Abdoul Karim Sylla is affiliated to Hafia Football Club
Abdoul Karim Sylla is affiliated to RWDM Brussels FC
Abdoul Karim Sylla is affiliated to Guinea national football team
Abdoul Karim Sylla is affiliated to K.S.C. Lokeren Oost-Vlaanderen
Abdoul Karim Sylla is affiliated to Ashanti Gold SC
Abdoul Karim Sylla is affiliated to FC Brussels
Abdoul Karim Sylla is affiliated to Diyarbakırspor
Abdoul Karim Sylla is affiliated to ASEC Mimosas
Leland H. Hartwell graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology
Leland H. Hartwell graduated from Harvard University
Leland H. Hartwell graduated from California Institute of Technology
Leland H. Hartwell graduated from Arizona State University
Leland H. Hartwell graduated from Cornell University
"Leland H. Hartwell graduated from University of California, Berkeley"
Leland H. Hartwell graduated from Princeton University
Leland H. Hartwell graduated from Stanford University
Leland H. Hartwell graduated from Columbia University
Leland H. Hartwell graduated from University of Michigan
Mark Beeney has gender male
Mark Beeney has gender female
Mark Beeney has gender Azerbaijan
Mark Beeney has gender Turkey
Mark Beeney has gender Hong Kong
Mark Beeney has gender Ankara
Mark Beeney has gender Tomsk
Mark Beeney has gender Russia
Mark Beeney has gender Italy
Mark Beeney has gender César Award
Radostin Kishishev is affiliated to FC Chernomorets Burgas
Radostin Kishishev is affiliated to Bulgaria national football team
Radostin Kishishev is affiliated to PSFC Chernomorets Burgas
Radostin Kishishev is affiliated to PFC Litex Lovech
Radostin Kishishev is affiliated to PFC Neftochimic Burgas
Radostin Kishishev is affiliated to Leicester City F.C.
Radostin Kishishev is affiliated to Leeds United A.F.C.
Radostin Kishishev is affiliated to Charlton Athletic F.C.
Radostin Kishishev is affiliated to Bursaspor
Radostin Kishishev is affiliated to Brighton & Hove Albion F.C.
Bartosz Salamon plays for Poland national under-19 football team
Bartosz Salamon plays for Poland national under-20 football team
Bartosz Salamon plays for Poland national under-21 football team
Bartosz Salamon plays for Foggia Calcio
Bartosz Salamon plays for Poland national football team
Bartosz Salamon plays for Lech Poznań
Bartosz Salamon plays for U.C. Sampdoria
Bartosz Salamon plays for Brescia Calcio
Bartosz Salamon plays for A.C. Milan
Bartosz Salamon plays for Poland national under-17 football team
David Vržogić is affiliated to Rot Weiss Ahlen
David Vržogić is affiliated to Borussia Dortmund
David Vržogić is affiliated to de/Deutsche Fußballnationalmannschaft (U-19-Junioren)
David Vržogić is affiliated to de/Deutsche Fußballnationalmannschaft (U-20-Männer)
David Vržogić is affiliated to Borussia Dortmund II
David Vržogić is affiliated to Dynamo Dresden
David Vržogić is affiliated to de/Deutsche Fußballnationalmannschaft (U-17-Junioren)
David Vržogić is affiliated to FC Bayern Munich II
David Vržogić is affiliated to Germany national youth football team
David Vržogić is affiliated to Germany national under-21 football team
Josué Castillejos is affiliated to Atlético Mexiquense
Josué Castillejos is affiliated to Estudiantes de Altamira
Josué Castillejos is affiliated to Club Universidad de Guadalajara
Josué Castillejos is affiliated to C.F. La Piedad
Josué Castillejos is affiliated to Deportivo Toluca F.C.
Josué Castillejos is affiliated to Tiburones Rojos de Veracruz
Josué Castillejos is affiliated to Chiapas F.C.
Josué Castillejos is affiliated to Correcaminos UAT
Josué Castillejos is affiliated to San Luis F.C.
Josué Castillejos is affiliated to Tigres UANL
Paul Gibbs (footballer) is affiliated to Diss Town F.C.
Paul Gibbs (footballer) is affiliated to Gorleston F.C.
Paul Gibbs (footballer) is affiliated to Torquay United F.C.
Paul Gibbs (footballer) is affiliated to Colchester United F.C.
Paul Gibbs (footballer) is affiliated to Canvey Island F.C.
Paul Gibbs (footballer) is affiliated to Weymouth F.C.
Paul Gibbs (footballer) is affiliated to Plymouth Argyle F.C.
Paul Gibbs (footballer) is affiliated to Ebbsfleet United F.C.
Paul Gibbs (footballer) is affiliated to Barnsley F.C.
Paul Gibbs (footballer) is affiliated to Brentford F.C.
Madjid Bouabdellah plays for FC Sète 34
Madjid Bouabdellah plays for US Créteil-Lusitanos
Madjid Bouabdellah plays for MC Alger
Madjid Bouabdellah plays for Paris FC
Madjid Bouabdellah plays for AS Cannes
Madjid Bouabdellah plays for Pau FC
Madjid Bouabdellah plays for A.S. Cannes Football
Madjid Bouabdellah plays for Red Star F.C.
Madjid Bouabdellah plays for Algeria national football team
Madjid Bouabdellah plays for Paris Saint-Germain F.C.
Thiago Gomes Antequeira is affiliated to Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras B
Thiago Gomes Antequeira is affiliated to Clube de Regatas Brasil
Thiago Gomes Antequeira is affiliated to Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras
Thiago Gomes Antequeira is affiliated to Esporte Clube Vitória
Thiago Gomes Antequeira is affiliated to Associação Portuguesa de Desportos
Thiago Gomes Antequeira is affiliated to América Futebol Clube (RN)
Thiago Gomes Antequeira is affiliated to Al-Wehda Club (Mecca)
Thiago Gomes Antequeira is affiliated to Guaratinguetá Futebol
Thiago Gomes Antequeira is affiliated to Ituano Futebol Clube
Thiago Gomes Antequeira is affiliated to Associação Atlética Ponte Preta
Lone Star (1996 film) is located in United States
Lone Star (1996 film) is located in United Kingdom
Lone Star (1996 film) is located in Germany
Lone Star (1996 film) is located in India
Lone Star (1996 film) is located in France
Lone Star (1996 film) is located in Canada
Lone Star (1996 film) is located in Italy
Lone Star (1996 film) is located in Japan
Lone Star (1996 film) is located in Australia
Lone Star (1996 film) is located in China
Lee Todd (footballer) is affiliated to Mossley A.F.C.
Lee Todd (footballer) is affiliated to Hartlepool United F.C.
Lee Todd (footballer) is affiliated to Stockport County F.C.
Lee Todd (footballer) is affiliated to Rochdale A.F.C.
Lee Todd (footballer) is affiliated to Bradford City A.F.C.
Lee Todd (footballer) is affiliated to Southampton F.C.
Lee Todd (footballer) is affiliated to Walsall F.C.
Lee Todd (footballer) is affiliated to Stalybridge Celtic F.C.
Lee Todd (footballer) is affiliated to Huddersfield Town F.C.
Lee Todd (footballer) is affiliated to Oldham Athletic A.F.C.
Nima Ghavidel plays for Naft Tehran F.C.
Nima Ghavidel plays for Nassaji Mazandaran F.C.
Nima Ghavidel plays for Niroo Zamini F.C.
Nima Ghavidel plays for Esteghlal Rasht F.C.
Nima Ghavidel plays for Persepolis F.C.
Nima Ghavidel plays for Saipa F.C.
Nima Ghavidel plays for Iran national football team
Nima Ghavidel plays for Saba Qom F.C.
Nima Ghavidel plays for Steel Azin F.C.
Nima Ghavidel plays for Esteghlal F.C.
Michael van der Heijden was born in Amsterdam
Michael van der Heijden was born in The Hague
Michael van der Heijden was born in Rotterdam
Michael van der Heijden was born in Paramaribo
Michael van der Heijden was born in Dordrecht
Michael van der Heijden was born in Haarlem
Michael van der Heijden was born in Utrecht
Michael van der Heijden was born in Willemstad
Michael van der Heijden was born in Alkmaar
Michael van der Heijden was born in London
Nick Chadwick plays for Shrewsbury Town F.C.
Nick Chadwick plays for Hereford United F.C.
Nick Chadwick plays for Chester City F.C.
Nick Chadwick plays for Plymouth Argyle F.C.
Nick Chadwick plays for Stockport County F.C.
Nick Chadwick plays for Everton F.C.
Nick Chadwick plays for Barrow A.F.C.
Nick Chadwick plays for Millwall F.C.
Nick Chadwick plays for Tamworth F.C.
Nick Chadwick plays for Derby County F.C.
Rickie Lambert plays for Stockport County F.C.
Rickie Lambert plays for Macclesfield Town F.C.
Rickie Lambert plays for Rochdale A.F.C.
Rickie Lambert plays for Liverpool F.C.
Rickie Lambert plays for Bristol Rovers F.C.
Rickie Lambert plays for England national football team
Rickie Lambert plays for Southampton F.C.
Rickie Lambert plays for Blackpool F.C.
Rickie Lambert plays for Manchester City F.C.
Rickie Lambert plays for Crewe Alexandra F.C.
Toto Tamuz is affiliated to Israel national under-19 football team
Toto Tamuz is affiliated to Israel national under-21 football team
Toto Tamuz is affiliated to Hapoel Tel Aviv F.C.
Toto Tamuz is affiliated to Hapoel Petah Tikva F.C.
Toto Tamuz is affiliated to Israel national football team
Toto Tamuz is affiliated to Beitar Jerusalem F.C.
Toto Tamuz is affiliated to Hapoel Tel Aviv
Toto Tamuz is affiliated to Israel national under-18 football team
Toto Tamuz is affiliated to FC Ural Sverdlovsk Oblast
Toto Tamuz is affiliated to FC Petrolul Ploiești
Roy Ellam is affiliated to Philadelphia Atoms
Roy Ellam is affiliated to Washington Diplomats
Roy Ellam is affiliated to Huddersfield Town F.C.
Roy Ellam is affiliated to Gainsborough Trinity F.C.
Roy Ellam is affiliated to Bradford City A.F.C.
Roy Ellam is affiliated to Leeds United A.F.C.
Roy Ellam is affiliated to Mossley A.F.C.
Roy Ellam is affiliated to Lincoln City F.C.
Roy Ellam is affiliated to Halifax Town A.F.C.
Roy Ellam is affiliated to Stockport County F.C.
Adrián Colunga plays for UD Pájara Playas de Jandía
Adrián Colunga plays for Sporting de Gijón
Adrián Colunga plays for Marino de Luanco
Adrián Colunga plays for Sporting de Gijón B
Adrián Colunga plays for UD Las Palmas
Adrián Colunga plays for Recreativo de Huelva
Adrián Colunga plays for Getafe CF
Adrián Colunga plays for Real Zaragoza
Adrián Colunga plays for R.C. Recreativo de Huelva
Adrián Colunga plays for U.D. Las Palmas
Tiago Mendes is affiliated to S.L. Benfica
Tiago Mendes is affiliated to Portugal national football team
Tiago Mendes is affiliated to SC Vianense
Tiago Mendes is affiliated to Juventus F.C.
Tiago Mendes is affiliated to Chelsea F.C.
Tiago Mendes is affiliated to Atlético Madrid
Tiago Mendes is affiliated to Olympique Lyonnais
Tiago Mendes is affiliated to Portugal national under-21 football team
Tiago Mendes is affiliated to S.C. Braga
Tiago Mendes is affiliated to Club Atlético de Madrid
Patrick Mayo plays for Bush Bucks F.C. (1957)
Patrick Mayo plays for Thanda Royal Zulu F.C.
Patrick Mayo plays for Kaizer Chiefs F.C.
Patrick Mayo plays for SuperSport United F.C.
Patrick Mayo plays for South Africa national football team
Patrick Mayo plays for Bay United F.C.
Patrick Mayo plays for Jomo Cosmos F.C.
Patrick Mayo plays for Mpumalanga Black Aces F.C.
Patrick Mayo plays for Bidvest Wits F.C.
Patrick Mayo plays for Mamelodi Sundowns F.C.
Nelson Sale Kilifa plays for Makuru FC
Nelson Sale Kilifa plays for Richmond Athletic F.C.
Nelson Sale Kilifa plays for Amicale F.C.
Nelson Sale Kilifa plays for Koloale F.C.
Nelson Sale Kilifa plays for YoungHeart Manawatu
Nelson Sale Kilifa plays for Auckland City FC
Nelson Sale Kilifa plays for Nelson Suburbs FC
Nelson Sale Kilifa plays for Solomon Islands national football team
Nelson Sale Kilifa plays for PRK Hekari United
Nelson Sale Kilifa plays for Waitakere United
Jérémy Sopalski plays for Tours FC
Jérémy Sopalski plays for Rodez AF
Jérémy Sopalski plays for AJ Auxerre
Jérémy Sopalski plays for FC Istres
Jérémy Sopalski plays for FC Rouen
Jérémy Sopalski plays for Associação Naval 1º de Maio
Jérémy Sopalski plays for F.C. Istres Ouest Provence
Jérémy Sopalski plays for Tours F.C.
Jérémy Sopalski plays for A.J. Auxerre
Jérémy Sopalski plays for France national football team
Rubén Toribio Díaz has gender male
Rubén Toribio Díaz has gender female
Rubén Toribio Díaz has gender United Kingdom
Rubén Toribio Díaz has gender Azerbaijan
Rubén Toribio Díaz has gender Africa
Rubén Toribio Díaz has gender Turkey
Rubén Toribio Díaz has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Rubén Toribio Díaz has gender France
Rubén Toribio Díaz has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Rubén Toribio Díaz has gender Republican Party (United States)
Ilias Haddad is affiliated to FC Dordrecht
Ilias Haddad is affiliated to St. Mirren F.C.
Ilias Haddad is affiliated to SC Telstar
Ilias Haddad is affiliated to AZ Alkmaar
Ilias Haddad is affiliated to PFC CSKA Sofia
Ilias Haddad is affiliated to A.Z. Alkmaar
Ilias Haddad is affiliated to Sparta Rotterdam
Ilias Haddad is affiliated to Feyenoord
Ilias Haddad is affiliated to SC Heerenveen
Ilias Haddad is affiliated to HFC Haarlem
Gökhan Kaba is affiliated to Adana Demirspor
Gökhan Kaba is affiliated to Sakaryaspor
Gökhan Kaba is affiliated to Kayseri Erciyesspor
Gökhan Kaba is affiliated to İstanbul Büyükşehir Belediyespor (football)
Gökhan Kaba is affiliated to Çaykur Rizespor
Gökhan Kaba is affiliated to Alanyaspor
Gökhan Kaba is affiliated to İstanbul Başakşehir F.K.
Gökhan Kaba is affiliated to Karşıyaka S.K.
Gökhan Kaba is affiliated to Şanlıurfaspor
Gökhan Kaba is affiliated to Turkey national under-21 football team
Samuel Holmén plays for Sweden national under-16 football team
Samuel Holmén plays for Sweden national under-19 football team
Samuel Holmén plays for Sweden national under-17 football team
Samuel Holmén plays for Sweden national under-21 football team
Samuel Holmén plays for IF Elfsborg
Samuel Holmén plays for Brøndby IF
Samuel Holmén plays for İstanbul Başakşehir F.K.
Samuel Holmén plays for Fenerbahçe S.K. (football)
Samuel Holmén plays for İstanbul Büyükşehir Belediyespor (football)
Samuel Holmén plays for Sweden national football team
Patrice Zéré plays for SC Abbeville
Patrice Zéré plays for Africa Sports d'Abidjan
Patrice Zéré plays for RC Lens
Patrice Zéré plays for R.A.E.C. Mons
Patrice Zéré plays for K.R.C. Zuid-West-Vlaanderen
Patrice Zéré plays for US Créteil-Lusitanos
Patrice Zéré plays for R.C. Lens
Patrice Zéré plays for Ivory Coast national football team
Patrice Zéré plays for K.S.C. Lokeren Oost-Vlaanderen
Patrice Zéré plays for Africa Sports National
Gmina Lubartów is located in Lubartów County
Gmina Lubartów is located in United States
Gmina Lubartów is located in Lublin Voivodeship
Gmina Lubartów is located in Poland
Gmina Lubartów is located in Masovian Voivodeship
Gmina Lubartów is located in India
Gmina Lubartów is located in Iran
Gmina Lubartów is located in Podkarpackie Voivodeship
Gmina Lubartów is located in China
Gmina Lubartów is located in Philippines
Michael Cutajar has gender male
Michael Cutajar has gender female
Michael Cutajar has gender Azerbaijan
Michael Cutajar has gender All-India Muslim League
Michael Cutajar has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Michael Cutajar has gender Turkey
Michael Cutajar has gender Spain
Michael Cutajar has gender César Award
Michael Cutajar has gender wordnet plastic 114592610
Michael Cutajar has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Bryan Griffiths plays for Telford United F.C.
Bryan Griffiths plays for Southport F.C.
Bryan Griffiths plays for Scarborough F.C.
Bryan Griffiths plays for Blackpool F.C.
Bryan Griffiths plays for St Helens Town A.F.C.
Bryan Griffiths plays for Wigan Athletic F.C.
Bryan Griffiths plays for Chester City F.C.
Bryan Griffiths plays for Preston North End F.C.
Bryan Griffiths plays for Everton F.C.
Bryan Griffiths plays for Runcorn F.C. Halton
Dominik Rohracker is affiliated to Bayern Munich Junior Team
Dominik Rohracker is affiliated to FC Bayern Munich II
Dominik Rohracker is affiliated to SV Elversberg
Dominik Rohracker is affiliated to SpVgg Unterhaching
Dominik Rohracker is affiliated to SV Sandhausen
Dominik Rohracker is affiliated to FC Bayern Munich
Dominik Rohracker is affiliated to Germany national youth football team
Dominik Rohracker is affiliated to FC Ismaning
Dominik Rohracker is affiliated to Germany national under-21 football team
Dominik Rohracker is affiliated to Karlsruher SC
Lee Sinnott is affiliated to Scarborough F.C.
Lee Sinnott is affiliated to Oldham Athletic A.F.C.
Lee Sinnott is affiliated to England national under-21 football team
Lee Sinnott is affiliated to Huddersfield Town F.C.
Lee Sinnott is affiliated to Bradford City A.F.C.
Lee Sinnott is affiliated to Watford F.C.
Lee Sinnott is affiliated to Crystal Palace F.C.
Lee Sinnott is affiliated to Walsall F.C.
Lee Sinnott is affiliated to Sheffield United F.C.
Lee Sinnott is affiliated to Barnsley F.C.
Stephen Chow was born in Hong Kong
Stephen Chow was born in London
Stephen Chow was born in New York City
Stephen Chow was born in Chicago
Stephen Chow was born in Los Angeles
Stephen Chow was born in Shanghai
Stephen Chow was born in Paris
Stephen Chow was born in Philadelphia
Stephen Chow was born in St. Louis
Stephen Chow was born in Rome
Kenny Dalglish has gender male
Kenny Dalglish has gender female
Kenny Dalglish has gender United Kingdom
Kenny Dalglish has gender United States
Kenny Dalglish has gender France
Kenny Dalglish has gender Germany
Kenny Dalglish has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Kenny Dalglish has gender Azerbaijan
Kenny Dalglish has gender wordnet chemical 114806838
Kenny Dalglish has gender wordnet plastic 114592610
Blanche Sweet died in Los Angeles
Blanche Sweet died in Chicago
Blanche Sweet died in New York City
Blanche Sweet died in London
"Blanche Sweet died in Santa Monica, California"
"Blanche Sweet died in Beverly Hills, California"
Blanche Sweet died in San Francisco
"Blanche Sweet died in Santa Barbara, California"
"Blanche Sweet died in Washington, D.C."
Blanche Sweet died in San Diego
Gerardo Seoane is affiliated to Deportivo de La Coruña B
Gerardo Seoane is affiliated to FC Aarau
Gerardo Seoane is affiliated to FC Luzern
Gerardo Seoane is affiliated to Grasshopper Club Zürich
Gerardo Seoane is affiliated to FC Sion
Gerardo Seoane is affiliated to AC Bellinzona
Gerardo Seoane is affiliated to Switzerland national football team
Gerardo Seoane is affiliated to FC Zürich
Gerardo Seoane is affiliated to FC Basel
Gerardo Seoane is affiliated to Switzerland national under-21 football team
Marc Wilson (Irish footballer) plays for Portsmouth F.C.
Marc Wilson (Irish footballer) plays for Yeovil Town F.C.
Marc Wilson (Irish footballer) plays for Luton Town F.C.
Marc Wilson (Irish footballer) plays for Stoke City F.C.
Marc Wilson (Irish footballer) plays for Manchester United F.C.
Marc Wilson (Irish footballer) plays for A.F.C. Bournemouth
Marc Wilson (Irish footballer) plays for Republic of Ireland national football team
Marc Wilson (Irish footballer) plays for Republic of Ireland national under-21 football team
Marc Wilson (Irish footballer) plays for Millwall F.C.
Marc Wilson (Irish footballer) plays for Swindon Town F.C.
"Charles II, Margrave of Baden-Durlach has gender male"
"Charles II, Margrave of Baden-Durlach has gender female"
"Charles II, Margrave of Baden-Durlach has gender United Kingdom"
"Charles II, Margrave of Baden-Durlach has gender Laureus World Sports Awards"
"Charles II, Margrave of Baden-Durlach has gender France"
"Charles II, Margrave of Baden-Durlach has gender Africa"
"Charles II, Margrave of Baden-Durlach has gender César Award"
"Charles II, Margrave of Baden-Durlach has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport"
"Charles II, Margrave of Baden-Durlach has gender Turkey"
"Charles II, Margrave of Baden-Durlach has gender Paris"
Windsor Noncent is affiliated to Don Bosco FC
Windsor Noncent is affiliated to Levallois SC
Windsor Noncent is affiliated to Haiti national football team
Windsor Noncent is affiliated to CS Sedan Ardennes
Windsor Noncent is affiliated to Dunakanyar-Vác FC
Windsor Noncent is affiliated to CSO Amnéville
Windsor Noncent is affiliated to C.S. Sedan Ardennes
Windsor Noncent is affiliated to Red Star F.C.
Windsor Noncent is affiliated to Stade Rennais F.C.
Windsor Noncent is affiliated to F.C. Metz
Bernd Nehrig plays for VfB Stuttgart II
Bernd Nehrig plays for VfB Stuttgart
Bernd Nehrig plays for SpVgg Greuther Fürth
Bernd Nehrig plays for SpVgg Unterhaching
Bernd Nehrig plays for Germany national under-21 football team
Bernd Nehrig plays for FC St. Pauli
Bernd Nehrig plays for de/Deutsche Fußballnationalmannschaft (U-19-Junioren)
Bernd Nehrig plays for de/Deutsche Fußballnationalmannschaft (U-17-Junioren)
Bernd Nehrig plays for Germany national youth football team
Bernd Nehrig plays for TSV 1860 München
Francisco Yeste was born in Bilbao
Francisco Yeste was born in Barcelona
Francisco Yeste was born in Madrid
Francisco Yeste was born in Buenos Aires
Francisco Yeste was born in Paris
Francisco Yeste was born in Vitoria-Gasteiz
Francisco Yeste was born in Abidjan
Francisco Yeste was born in London
Francisco Yeste was born in Yaoundé
Francisco Yeste was born in São Paulo
Keisuke Honda plays for Japan national under-23 football team
Keisuke Honda plays for Japan national football team
Keisuke Honda plays for Japan national under-20 football team
Keisuke Honda plays for Nagoya Grampus
Keisuke Honda plays for VVV-Venlo
Keisuke Honda plays for PFC CSKA Moscow
Keisuke Honda plays for A.C. Milan
Keisuke Honda plays for Gamba Osaka
Keisuke Honda plays for Urawa Red Diamonds
Keisuke Honda plays for Japan national under-17 football team
Refaat Al-Gammal plays for New Edubiase United FC
Refaat Al-Gammal plays for The Panthers F.C.
Refaat Al-Gammal plays for Accra Hearts of Oak SC
Refaat Al-Gammal plays for Sông Lam Nghệ An F.C.
Refaat Al-Gammal plays for Al Wasl FC
Refaat Al-Gammal plays for Bnei Sakhnin F.C.
Refaat Al-Gammal plays for Ghana national football team
Refaat Al-Gammal plays for Asante Kotoko SC
Refaat Al-Gammal plays for Al-Wasl
Refaat Al-Gammal plays for Great Mariners
Han Jae-woong plays for Daejeon Citizen FC
Han Jae-woong plays for Incheon United FC
Han Jae-woong plays for South Korea national under-20 football team
Han Jae-woong plays for Busan IPark
Han Jae-woong plays for Jeonnam Dragons
Han Jae-woong plays for Buriram United F.C.
Han Jae-woong plays for South Korea national under-23 football team
Han Jae-woong plays for Seongnam FC
Han Jae-woong plays for FC Seoul
Han Jae-woong plays for Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors
Dorin Goga plays for FC Universitatea Cluj
Dorin Goga plays for Hapoel Ramat Gan Giv'atayim F.C.
Dorin Goga plays for FC Rapid București
Dorin Goga plays for Romania national football team
Dorin Goga plays for FC Dinamo Tbilisi
Dorin Goga plays for FC Politehnica Timișoara
Dorin Goga plays for FC Dinamo București
Dorin Goga plays for Georgia national football team
Dorin Goga plays for FC Steaua București
Dorin Goga plays for FC Progresul București
Jürgen Säumel plays for SK Sturm Graz
Jürgen Säumel plays for SC Wiener Neustadt
Jürgen Säumel plays for Torino F.C.
Jürgen Säumel plays for Brescia Calcio
Jürgen Säumel plays for S.K. Sturm Graz
Jürgen Säumel plays for MSV Duisburg
Jürgen Säumel plays for FC Wacker Innsbruck (2002)
Jürgen Säumel plays for Austria national football team
Jürgen Säumel plays for Torino F.C. 1906
Jürgen Säumel plays for F.C. Wacker Innsbruck
Godwin Attram plays for Hajer Club
Godwin Attram plays for Dhofar S.C.S.C.
Godwin Attram plays for Hatta Club
Godwin Attram plays for Smouha Sporting Club
Godwin Attram plays for Al-Shaab CSC
Godwin Attram plays for Stade Tunisien
Godwin Attram plays for Great Olympics
Godwin Attram plays for Ghana national football team
Godwin Attram plays for Al Shabab FC (Riyadh)
Godwin Attram plays for PSV Eindhoven
Dejan Raičković plays for Rot-Weiß Oberhausen
Dejan Raičković plays for Tennis Borussia Berlin
Dejan Raičković plays for FC Carl Zeiss Jena
Dejan Raičković plays for Hannover 96
Dejan Raičković plays for FK Sarajevo
Dejan Raičković plays for F.K. Sarajevo
Dejan Raičković plays for Hertha BSC
Dejan Raičković plays for VfL Osnabrück
Dejan Raičković plays for Rot-Weiss Essen
Dejan Raičković plays for FC Schalke 04
Michael Ohnesorge plays for FC Schalke 04 II
Michael Ohnesorge plays for SG Wattenscheid 09
Michael Ohnesorge plays for SV Elversberg
Michael Ohnesorge plays for Hamborn 07
Michael Ohnesorge plays for TV Jahn Hiesfeld
Michael Ohnesorge plays for Clyde F.C.
Michael Ohnesorge plays for FC Schalke 04
Michael Ohnesorge plays for Rot-Weiss Essen
Michael Ohnesorge plays for 1. FC Kaiserslautern
Michael Ohnesorge plays for VfL Bochum
Edmonton Eskimos is located in Alberta
Edmonton Eskimos is located in Canada
Edmonton Eskimos is located in United States
Edmonton Eskimos is located in Edmonton
Edmonton Eskimos is located in Ontario
Edmonton Eskimos is located in Calgary
Edmonton Eskimos is located in British Columbia
Edmonton Eskimos is located in Manitoba
Edmonton Eskimos is located in Saskatchewan
Edmonton Eskimos is located in Italy
Angelo Bollano plays for Spezia Calcio
Angelo Bollano plays for A.C. Milan
Angelo Bollano plays for ACF Fiorentina
Angelo Bollano plays for Real Murcia
Angelo Bollano plays for Olympique de Marseille
Angelo Bollano plays for U.C. Sampdoria
Angelo Bollano plays for Real Murcia C.F.
Angelo Bollano plays for A.S.D. Spezia Calcio 2008
Angelo Bollano plays for A.C.F. Fiorentina
Angelo Bollano plays for Inter Milan
David Brightwell plays for Darlington F.C.
David Brightwell plays for Carlisle United F.C.
David Brightwell plays for Hull City A.F.C.
David Brightwell plays for Blackpool F.C.
David Brightwell plays for Chester City F.C.
David Brightwell plays for Bradford City A.F.C.
David Brightwell plays for Manchester City F.C.
David Brightwell plays for Northampton Town F.C.
David Brightwell plays for Stoke City F.C.
David Brightwell plays for Lincoln City F.C.
Martin Canning plays for Gretna F.C.
Martin Canning plays for Peterhead F.C.
Martin Canning plays for Hamilton Academical F.C.
Martin Canning plays for Clydebank F.C.
Martin Canning plays for Ross County F.C.
Martin Canning plays for Hibernian F.C.
Martin Canning plays for Partick Thistle F.C.
Martin Canning plays for Greenock Morton F.C.
Martin Canning plays for St. Johnstone F.C.
Martin Canning plays for Inverness Caledonian Thistle F.C.
Coconut Island Airport is located in Australia
Coconut Island Airport is located in Queensland
Coconut Island Airport is located in United States
Coconut Island Airport is located in New Zealand
Coconut Island Airport is located in United Kingdom
Coconut Island Airport is located in China
Coconut Island Airport is located in Germany
Coconut Island Airport is located in Canada
Coconut Island Airport is located in France
Coconut Island Airport is located in Russia
Pepín (footballer born 1931) plays for Alicante CF
Pepín (footballer born 1931) plays for UD Las Palmas
Pepín (footballer born 1931) plays for Real Betis
Pepín (footballer born 1931) plays for UD Alzira
Pepín (footballer born 1931) plays for U.D. Las Palmas
Pepín (footballer born 1931) plays for Spain national football team
Pepín (footballer born 1931) plays for Real Betis Balompié
Pepín (footballer born 1931) plays for Albacete Balompié
Pepín (footballer born 1931) plays for Levante UD
Pepín (footballer born 1931) plays for UD Las Palmas Atlético
Reinaldo de Souza was born in São Paulo
Reinaldo de Souza was born in Porto Alegre
Reinaldo de Souza was born in Rio de Janeiro
Reinaldo de Souza was born in Campinas
"Reinaldo de Souza was born in Salvador, Bahia"
Reinaldo de Souza was born in Osasco
Reinaldo de Souza was born in Brasília
Reinaldo de Souza was born in Belo Horizonte
Reinaldo de Souza was born in Fortaleza
"Reinaldo de Souza was born in São Luís, Maranhão"
Tasos Mitropoulos was born in Athens
Tasos Mitropoulos was born in Piraeus
Tasos Mitropoulos was born in Thessaloniki
Tasos Mitropoulos was born in Kavala
Tasos Mitropoulos was born in Alexandroupoli
Tasos Mitropoulos was born in Belgrade
Tasos Mitropoulos was born in London
Tasos Mitropoulos was born in Buenos Aires
Tasos Mitropoulos was born in Volos
Tasos Mitropoulos was born in Chalcis
Miguel Ángel García Tébar plays for Albacete Balompié
Miguel Ángel García Tébar plays for CD Castellón
Miguel Ángel García Tébar plays for Cádiz CF
Miguel Ángel García Tébar plays for Albacete Balompié B
Miguel Ángel García Tébar plays for Spain national under-18 football team
Miguel Ángel García Tébar plays for UD Salamanca
Miguel Ángel García Tébar plays for Deportivo de La Coruña B
Miguel Ángel García Tébar plays for UD Las Palmas
Miguel Ángel García Tébar plays for Spain national under-20 football team
Miguel Ángel García Tébar plays for Real Zaragoza B
Fraser McLachlan plays for Colwyn Bay F.C.
Fraser McLachlan plays for Nantwich Town F.C.
Fraser McLachlan plays for Northwich Victoria F.C.
Fraser McLachlan plays for Stockport County F.C.
Fraser McLachlan plays for Mansfield Town F.C.
Fraser McLachlan plays for Morecambe F.C.
Fraser McLachlan plays for Chester City F.C.
Fraser McLachlan plays for Crewe Alexandra F.C.
Fraser McLachlan plays for Macclesfield Town F.C.
Fraser McLachlan plays for Altrincham F.C.
Jean Carlo Witte is affiliated to E.C. Bahia
Jean Carlo Witte is affiliated to Shonan Bellmare
Jean Carlo Witte is affiliated to Santos F.C.
Jean Carlo Witte is affiliated to Santos FC
Jean Carlo Witte is affiliated to Esporte Clube Bahia
Jean Carlo Witte is affiliated to F.C. Tokyo
Jean Carlo Witte is affiliated to Clube Atlético Mineiro
Jean Carlo Witte is affiliated to Clube Atlético Paranaense
Jean Carlo Witte is affiliated to A.D. São Caetano
Jean Carlo Witte is affiliated to E.C. Vitória
Ari Freyr Skúlason is affiliated to Iceland national under-21 football team
Ari Freyr Skúlason is affiliated to Iceland national under-17 football team
Ari Freyr Skúlason is affiliated to Iceland national under-19 football team
Ari Freyr Skúlason is affiliated to Valur Football Club
Ari Freyr Skúlason is affiliated to GIF Sundsvall
Ari Freyr Skúlason is affiliated to Iceland national football team
Ari Freyr Skúlason is affiliated to BK Häcken
Ari Freyr Skúlason is affiliated to Odense Boldklub
Ari Freyr Skúlason is affiliated to SC Heerenveen
Ari Freyr Skúlason is affiliated to Fylkir
Jiří Hanke plays for FC Biel-Bienne
Jiří Hanke plays for Unión Magdalena
Jiří Hanke plays for Czechoslovakia national football team
Jiří Hanke plays for CD Condal
Jiří Hanke plays for SK Slavia Prague
Jiří Hanke plays for FC St. Pauli
Jiří Hanke plays for FC Barcelona
Jiří Hanke plays for RC Lens
Jiří Hanke plays for R.C. Lens
Jiří Hanke plays for Olympique de Marseille
Braulio Nóbrega plays for Atlético Madrid B
Braulio Nóbrega plays for Recreativo de Huelva
Braulio Nóbrega plays for RCD Mallorca
Braulio Nóbrega plays for Atlético Madrid
Braulio Nóbrega plays for Getafe CF
Braulio Nóbrega plays for Real Zaragoza
Braulio Nóbrega plays for UD Salamanca
Braulio Nóbrega plays for Hércules CF
Braulio Nóbrega plays for Johor Darul Takzim F.C.
Braulio Nóbrega plays for FC Cartagena
Yanis Papassarantis is affiliated to K.S.V. Roeselare
Yanis Papassarantis is affiliated to F.C. Verbroedering Dender Eendracht Hekelgem
Yanis Papassarantis is affiliated to Standard Liège
Yanis Papassarantis is affiliated to Royale Union Saint-Gilloise
Yanis Papassarantis is affiliated to K.V.K. Tienen
Yanis Papassarantis is affiliated to R. Charleroi S.C.
Yanis Papassarantis is affiliated to R.S.C. Anderlecht
Yanis Papassarantis is affiliated to Belgium national football team
Yanis Papassarantis is affiliated to K.A.A. Gent
Yanis Papassarantis is affiliated to K.R.C. Mechelen
Daniel Veyt is affiliated to K. Sint-Niklase S.K.E.
Daniel Veyt is affiliated to K. Boom F.C.
Daniel Veyt is affiliated to K.S.V. Waregem
Daniel Veyt is affiliated to fr/KSV Sottegem
Daniel Veyt is affiliated to RFC Liège
Daniel Veyt is affiliated to Belgium national football team
Daniel Veyt is affiliated to K.S.C. Lokeren Oost-Vlaanderen
Daniel Veyt is affiliated to K.A.A. Gent
Daniel Veyt is affiliated to Standard Liège
Daniel Veyt is affiliated to R.S.C. Anderlecht
Niklaus Wirth has won prize Marcel Benoist Prize
Niklaus Wirth has won prize Turing award
Niklaus Wirth has won prize Turing Award
Niklaus Wirth has won prize Nobel Prize in Physics
Niklaus Wirth has won prize Nobel Prize in Chemistry
Niklaus Wirth has won prize Kyoto Prize
Niklaus Wirth has won prize National Medal of Science
Niklaus Wirth has won prize Wolf Prize
Niklaus Wirth has won prize Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
Niklaus Wirth has won prize Japan Prize
Joe Mihaljevic is affiliated to San Jose Oaks
Joe Mihaljevic is affiliated to Miami Freedom
Joe Mihaljevic is affiliated to Pittsburgh Spirit
Joe Mihaljevic is affiliated to Fort Wayne Flames
Joe Mihaljevic is affiliated to San Jose Earthquakes (1974–88)
Joe Mihaljevic is affiliated to Hartwick College
Joe Mihaljevic is affiliated to United States men's national soccer team
Joe Mihaljevic is affiliated to San Diego Sockers (1978–96)
Joe Mihaljevic is affiliated to Baltimore Blast (1980–92)
Joe Mihaljevic is affiliated to Wichita Wings
Marcus Berg is affiliated to Sweden national football team
Marcus Berg is affiliated to Sweden national under-21 football team
Marcus Berg is affiliated to IFK Göteborg
Marcus Berg is affiliated to Sweden national under-19 football team
Marcus Berg is affiliated to PSV Eindhoven
Marcus Berg is affiliated to P.S.V. Eindhoven
Marcus Berg is affiliated to FC Groningen
Marcus Berg is affiliated to Hamburger SV
Marcus Berg is affiliated to Panathinaikos F.C.
Marcus Berg is affiliated to Sweden national under-17 football team
Francis Crick has won prize Copley Medal
Francis Crick has won prize Royal Medal
Francis Crick has won prize Albert Medal (Royal Society of Arts)
Francis Crick has won prize Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine
Francis Crick has won prize Albert Lasker Award for Basic Medical Research
Francis Crick has won prize Nobel Prize in Chemistry
Francis Crick has won prize National Medal of Science
Francis Crick has won prize Nobel Prize in Physics
Francis Crick has won prize Franklin Medal
Francis Crick has won prize Hughes Medal
Ruslan Pimenov is affiliated to FC Torpedo-ZIL Moscow
Ruslan Pimenov is affiliated to FC Dynamo Moscow
Ruslan Pimenov is affiliated to FC Lokomotiv Moscow
Ruslan Pimenov is affiliated to FC Alania Vladikavkaz
Ruslan Pimenov is affiliated to FC Moscow
Ruslan Pimenov is affiliated to FC Metz
Ruslan Pimenov is affiliated to FC Dinamo Minsk
Ruslan Pimenov is affiliated to FC Torpedo Moscow
Ruslan Pimenov is affiliated to Russia national football team
Ruslan Pimenov is affiliated to F.C. Metz
Ernest Dubac is affiliated to HŠK Građanski Zagreb
Ernest Dubac is affiliated to Yugoslavia national football team
Ernest Dubac is affiliated to OFK Beograd
Ernest Dubac is affiliated to Croatia national football team
Ernest Dubac is affiliated to O.F.K. Beograd
Ernest Dubac is affiliated to NK Osijek
Ernest Dubac is affiliated to GNK Dinamo Zagreb
Ernest Dubac is affiliated to N.K. Dinamo Zagreb
Ernest Dubac is affiliated to Red Star Belgrade
Ernest Dubac is affiliated to FK Partizan
Yiasoumis Yiasoumi plays for Cyprus national football team
Yiasoumis Yiasoumi plays for Ethnikos Achna FC
Yiasoumis Yiasoumi plays for Enosis Neon Paralimni FC
Yiasoumis Yiasoumi plays for Aris Limassol F.C.
Yiasoumis Yiasoumi plays for APOEL FC
Yiasoumis Yiasoumi plays for PAOK FC
Yiasoumis Yiasoumi plays for AEK Larnaca F.C.
Yiasoumis Yiasoumi plays for APOEL F.C.
Yiasoumis Yiasoumi plays for P.A.O.K. Thessaloniki F.C.
Yiasoumis Yiasoumi plays for Anorthosis Famagusta FC
Strängnäs Municipality is located in Strängnäs
Strängnäs Municipality is located in Södermanland County
Strängnäs Municipality is located in Strängnäs Municipality
Strängnäs Municipality is located in Södermanland
Strängnäs Municipality is located in United States
Strängnäs Municipality is located in Sweden
Strängnäs Municipality is located in Nyköping
Strängnäs Municipality is located in Nyköping Municipality
Strängnäs Municipality is located in Eskilstuna
Strängnäs Municipality is located in Katrineholm Municipality
Adrie van Kraay is affiliated to K. Waterschei S.V. Thor Genk
Adrie van Kraay is affiliated to PSV Eindhoven
Adrie van Kraay is affiliated to P.S.V. Eindhoven
Adrie van Kraay is affiliated to FC Basel
Adrie van Kraay is affiliated to K.R.C. Genk
Adrie van Kraay is affiliated to Netherlands national football team
Adrie van Kraay is affiliated to Feyenoord
Adrie van Kraay is affiliated to FC Twente
Adrie van Kraay is affiliated to A.F.C. Ajax
Adrie van Kraay is affiliated to Vitesse
Alejandro Faurlín is affiliated to Atlético de Rafaela
Alejandro Faurlín is affiliated to C.A. Rosario Central
Alejandro Faurlín is affiliated to Instituto Atlético Central Córdoba
Alejandro Faurlín is affiliated to Club Atlético River Plate
Alejandro Faurlín is affiliated to Rosario Central
Alejandro Faurlín is affiliated to Queens Park Rangers F.C.
Alejandro Faurlín is affiliated to C.A. River Plate
Alejandro Faurlín is affiliated to C.S. Marítimo
Alejandro Faurlín is affiliated to C.S. Marítimo B
Alejandro Faurlín is affiliated to U.S. Città di Palermo
Hossein Sadaghiani is affiliated to R.O.C. de Charleroi-Marchienne
Hossein Sadaghiani is affiliated to University of Tehran
Hossein Sadaghiani is affiliated to Fenerbahçe S.K.
Hossein Sadaghiani is affiliated to Royal Mouscron-Péruwelz
Hossein Sadaghiani is affiliated to SK Rapid Wien
Hossein Sadaghiani is affiliated to Fenerbahçe S.K. (football)
Hossein Sadaghiani is affiliated to R. Charleroi S.C.
Hossein Sadaghiani is affiliated to R.S.C. Anderlecht
Hossein Sadaghiani is affiliated to Esteghlal F.C.
Hossein Sadaghiani is affiliated to Standard Liège
Madea Goes to Jail is located in United States
Madea Goes to Jail is located in United Kingdom
Madea Goes to Jail is located in France
Madea Goes to Jail is located in Germany
Madea Goes to Jail is located in India
Madea Goes to Jail is located in Canada
Madea Goes to Jail is located in Italy
Madea Goes to Jail is located in Japan
Madea Goes to Jail is located in China
Madea Goes to Jail is located in California
Sito Riera is affiliated to FC Barcelona C
Sito Riera is affiliated to RCD Espanyol B
Sito Riera is affiliated to Panionios G.S.S.
Sito Riera is affiliated to Panthrakikos F.C.
Sito Riera is affiliated to RCD Espanyol
Sito Riera is affiliated to FC Barcelona B
Sito Riera is affiliated to Panionios F.C
Sito Riera is affiliated to FC Chornomorets Odesa
Sito Riera is affiliated to R.C.D. Espanyol de Barcelona
Sito Riera is affiliated to FC Barcelona
Paweł Sobolewski plays for Mazur Ełk
Paweł Sobolewski plays for Warmia Grajewo
Paweł Sobolewski plays for Wigry Suwałki
Paweł Sobolewski plays for Korona Kielce
Paweł Sobolewski plays for Jagiellonia Białystok
Paweł Sobolewski plays for Stomil Olsztyn (football)
Paweł Sobolewski plays for Legia Warsaw
Paweł Sobolewski plays for Poland national football team
Paweł Sobolewski plays for ŁKS Łódź
Paweł Sobolewski plays for Górnik Łęczna
Shanice van de Sanden has gender male
Shanice van de Sanden has gender female
Shanice van de Sanden has gender United Kingdom
Shanice van de Sanden has gender Azerbaijan
Shanice van de Sanden has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Shanice van de Sanden has gender Bulgaria
Shanice van de Sanden has gender Tomsk
Shanice van de Sanden has gender Africa
Shanice van de Sanden has gender Baku
Shanice van de Sanden has gender Turkey
Adolfo Ríos is affiliated to Club Necaxa
Adolfo Ríos is affiliated to Mexico national football team
Adolfo Ríos is affiliated to Club Universidad Nacional
Adolfo Ríos is affiliated to Tiburones Rojos de Veracruz
Adolfo Ríos is affiliated to Club América
Adolfo Ríos is affiliated to Puebla F.C.
Adolfo Ríos is affiliated to C.F. Monterrey
Adolfo Ríos is affiliated to Tigres UANL
Adolfo Ríos is affiliated to San Luis F.C.
Adolfo Ríos is affiliated to C.F. Atlante
Tony James (footballer born 1978) plays for Newport County A.F.C.
Tony James (footballer born 1978) plays for Weymouth F.C.
Tony James (footballer born 1978) plays for Burton Albion F.C.
Tony James (footballer born 1978) plays for Wales national semi-professional football team
Tony James (footballer born 1978) plays for Hereford United F.C.
Tony James (footballer born 1978) plays for West Bromwich Albion F.C.
Tony James (footballer born 1978) plays for Torquay United F.C.
Tony James (footballer born 1978) plays for Cardiff City F.C.
Tony James (footballer born 1978) plays for Forest Green Rovers F.C.
Tony James (footballer born 1978) plays for Swansea City A.F.C.
"Río Negro Province is located in Viedma, Río Negro"
Río Negro Province is located in Río Negro Province
"Río Negro Province is located in General Roca, Río Negro"
Río Negro Province is located in San Carlos de Bariloche
Río Negro Province is located in United States
Río Negro Province is located in Europe
Río Negro Province is located in Argentina
Río Negro Province is located in China
Río Negro Province is located in India
Río Negro Province is located in Italy
"Ryan Taylor (footballer, born 1984) is affiliated to Wigan Athletic F.C."
"Ryan Taylor (footballer, born 1984) is affiliated to England national under-21 football team"
"Ryan Taylor (footballer, born 1984) is affiliated to Newcastle United F.C."
"Ryan Taylor (footballer, born 1984) is affiliated to Tranmere Rovers F.C."
"Ryan Taylor (footballer, born 1984) is affiliated to Liverpool F.C."
"Ryan Taylor (footballer, born 1984) is affiliated to Everton F.C."
"Ryan Taylor (footballer, born 1984) is affiliated to England national football team"
"Ryan Taylor (footballer, born 1984) is affiliated to Manchester City F.C."
"Ryan Taylor (footballer, born 1984) is affiliated to Huddersfield Town F.C."
"Ryan Taylor (footballer, born 1984) is affiliated to Blackburn Rovers F.C."
Park Ju-sung plays for Kwangwoon University
Park Ju-sung plays for Gwangju Sangmu FC
Park Ju-sung plays for South Korea national under-20 football team
Park Ju-sung plays for South Korea national under-23 football team
Park Ju-sung plays for South Korea national football team
Park Ju-sung plays for Vegalta Sendai
Park Ju-sung plays for Suwon Samsung Bluewings
Park Ju-sung plays for Gyeongnam FC
Park Ju-sung plays for Pohang Steelers
Park Ju-sung plays for Busan IPark
Jiří Homola plays for FK Baumit Jablonec
Jiří Homola plays for MFK Karviná
Jiří Homola plays for FK Senica
Jiří Homola plays for AC Sparta Prague
Jiří Homola plays for Czech Republic national under-21 football team
Jiří Homola plays for FC Dinamo Tbilisi
Jiří Homola plays for SK Slavia Prague
Jiří Homola plays for Malatyaspor
Jiří Homola plays for Czech Republic national football team
Jiří Homola plays for FK Mladá Boleslav
Bernie James plays for Tacoma Stars (MISL)
Bernie James plays for Seattle Sounders (1974–83)
Bernie James plays for Cleveland Crunch
Bernie James plays for Cleveland Force (1978–88)
Bernie James plays for Edmonton Drillers (1979–82)
Bernie James plays for Seattle Storm (soccer)
Bernie James plays for Seattle Sounders (1994–2008)
Bernie James plays for United States men's national soccer team
Bernie James plays for San Jose Earthquakes (1974–88)
Bernie James plays for Portland Timbers (1985–90)
"Saint-Louis, Réunion is located in Réunion"
"Saint-Louis, Réunion is located in France"
"Saint-Louis, Réunion is located in United States"
"Saint-Louis, Réunion is located in Saint-Louis, Réunion"
"Saint-Louis, Réunion is located in Rhône-Alpes"
"Saint-Louis, Réunion is located in Île-de-France"
"Saint-Louis, Réunion is located in Brittany"
"Saint-Louis, Réunion is located in Europe"
"Saint-Louis, Réunion is located in Africa"
"Saint-Louis, Réunion is located in Aquitaine"
Tim Bredbury plays for Lai Sun
Tim Bredbury plays for Sea Bee
Tim Bredbury plays for Seiko SA
Tim Bredbury plays for Hong Kong national football team
Tim Bredbury plays for Selangor FA
Tim Bredbury plays for Hong Kong Rangers FC
Tim Bredbury plays for Sydney Olympic FC
Tim Bredbury plays for Sabah FA
Tim Bredbury plays for Liverpool F.C.
Tim Bredbury plays for South China AA
Haris Medunjanin is affiliated to AZ Alkmaar
Haris Medunjanin is affiliated to Sparta Rotterdam
Haris Medunjanin is affiliated to Real Valladolid
Haris Medunjanin is affiliated to A.Z. Alkmaar
Haris Medunjanin is affiliated to Gaziantepspor
Haris Medunjanin is affiliated to Real Valladolid C.F.
Haris Medunjanin is affiliated to Netherlands national under-21 football team
Haris Medunjanin is affiliated to Fortuna Sittard
Haris Medunjanin is affiliated to Maccabi Tel Aviv F.C.
Haris Medunjanin is affiliated to Netherlands national football team
Maria I of Portugal has gender male
Maria I of Portugal has gender female
Maria I of Portugal has gender United Kingdom
Maria I of Portugal has gender United States
Maria I of Portugal has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Maria I of Portugal has gender Azerbaijan
Maria I of Portugal has gender Germany
Maria I of Portugal has gender Bulgaria
Maria I of Portugal has gender Tomsk
Maria I of Portugal has gender France
Pablo Brenes plays for Costa Rica national football team
Pablo Brenes plays for Santos de Guápiles
Pablo Brenes plays for Deportivo Saprissa
Pablo Brenes plays for Brujas F.C.
Pablo Brenes plays for C.S. Cartaginés
Pablo Brenes plays for Municipal Pérez Zeledón
Pablo Brenes plays for Real Salt Lake
Pablo Brenes plays for New York Red Bulls
Pablo Brenes plays for C.S. Herediano
Pablo Brenes plays for L.D. Alajuelense
Mark Marshall plays for Eastleigh F.C.
Mark Marshall plays for Yeovil Town F.C.
Mark Marshall plays for Carshalton Athletic F.C.
Mark Marshall plays for Grays Athletic F.C.
Mark Marshall plays for Hereford United F.C.
Mark Marshall plays for Barnet F.C.
Mark Marshall plays for Swindon Town F.C.
Mark Marshall plays for Coventry City F.C.
Mark Marshall plays for England national football C team
Mark Marshall plays for Woking F.C.
Fred Binney is affiliated to St. Louis Stars (soccer)
Fred Binney is affiliated to Plymouth Argyle F.C.
Fred Binney is affiliated to Hereford United F.C.
Fred Binney is affiliated to Exeter City F.C.
Fred Binney is affiliated to Brighton & Hove Albion F.C.
Fred Binney is affiliated to Torquay United F.C.
Fred Binney is affiliated to Bristol City F.C.
Fred Binney is affiliated to Yeovil Town F.C.
Fred Binney is affiliated to Weymouth F.C.
Fred Binney is affiliated to Swindon Town F.C.
Ebenezer Hagan plays for Sekondi Hasaacas F.C.
Ebenezer Hagan plays for Ashanti Gold SC
Ebenezer Hagan plays for Kalamata F.C.
Ebenezer Hagan plays for PAOK FC
Ebenezer Hagan plays for APOEL FC
Ebenezer Hagan plays for Ghana national football team
Ebenezer Hagan plays for P.A.O.K. Thessaloniki F.C.
Ebenezer Hagan plays for APOEL F.C.
Ebenezer Hagan plays for Iraklis Thessaloniki F.C.
Ebenezer Hagan plays for Asante Kotoko SC
Jim St. Andre is affiliated to Denver Avalanche
Jim St. Andre is affiliated to New York Centaurs
Jim St. Andre is affiliated to Wichita Wings
Jim St. Andre is affiliated to Fort Lauderdale Strikers (1988–94)
Jim St. Andre is affiliated to New England Revolution
Jim St. Andre is affiliated to Colorado Foxes
Jim St. Andre is affiliated to Milwaukee Wave
Jim St. Andre is affiliated to University of Vermont
Jim St. Andre is affiliated to United States men's national soccer team
Jim St. Andre is affiliated to Kansas City Attack
Matt Carragher is affiliated to Stafford Rangers F.C.
Matt Carragher is affiliated to Macclesfield Town F.C.
Matt Carragher is affiliated to Port Vale F.C.
Matt Carragher is affiliated to Wigan Athletic F.C.
Matt Carragher is affiliated to Northwich Victoria F.C.
Matt Carragher is affiliated to Crewe Alexandra F.C.
Matt Carragher is affiliated to Stoke City F.C.
Matt Carragher is affiliated to Chester City F.C.
Matt Carragher is affiliated to Everton F.C.
Matt Carragher is affiliated to Liverpool F.C.
Daley Mena is affiliated to Querétaro F.C.
Daley Mena is affiliated to Club Atlético Colón
Daley Mena is affiliated to Deportivo Cali
Daley Mena is affiliated to Danubio F.C.
Daley Mena is affiliated to Dorados de Sinaloa
Daley Mena is affiliated to Uruguay national football team
Daley Mena is affiliated to Puebla F.C.
Daley Mena is affiliated to Club Nacional de Football
Daley Mena is affiliated to Estudiantes Tecos
Daley Mena is affiliated to Club Tijuana
Silviu Bălace is affiliated to CS Turnu Severin
Silviu Bălace is affiliated to ACS Poli Timișoara
Silviu Bălace is affiliated to FCM Reșița
Silviu Bălace is affiliated to AFC Rocar București
Silviu Bălace is affiliated to FCM Târgoviște
Silviu Bălace is affiliated to FC Universitatea Craiova
Silviu Bălace is affiliated to FC Dinamo București
Silviu Bălace is affiliated to FC Politehnica Timișoara
Silviu Bălace is affiliated to FC Vaslui
Silviu Bălace is affiliated to Romania national football team
Emmanuel Ansong plays for Heart of Lions F.C.
Emmanuel Ansong plays for Accra Hearts of Oak SC
Emmanuel Ansong plays for Ghana national under-17 football team
Emmanuel Ansong plays for Great Olympics
Emmanuel Ansong plays for Ghana national football team
Emmanuel Ansong plays for Ghana national under-20 football team
Emmanuel Ansong plays for Liberty Professionals F.C.
Emmanuel Ansong plays for Berekum Chelsea F.C.
Emmanuel Ansong plays for Asante Kotoko SC
Emmanuel Ansong plays for Ashanti Gold SC
Municipality of Sveti Andraž v Slovenskih Goricah is located in Podravska Statistical Region
Municipality of Sveti Andraž v Slovenskih Goricah is located in Ptuj
Municipality of Sveti Andraž v Slovenskih Goricah is located in Styria (Slovenia)
Municipality of Sveti Andraž v Slovenskih Goricah is located in Slovenia
Municipality of Sveti Andraž v Slovenskih Goricah is located in nl/Stiermarken (gebied)
Municipality of Sveti Andraž v Slovenskih Goricah is located in United States
Municipality of Sveti Andraž v Slovenskih Goricah is located in Savinjska Statistical Region
Municipality of Sveti Andraž v Slovenskih Goricah is located in Poland
Municipality of Sveti Andraž v Slovenskih Goricah is located in Maribor
Municipality of Sveti Andraž v Slovenskih Goricah is located in Celje
Vyacheslav Serdyuk plays for FC Arsenal Kyiv
Vyacheslav Serdyuk plays for FC Kryvbas Kryvyi Rih
Vyacheslav Serdyuk plays for FC Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk
Vyacheslav Serdyuk plays for FC Gomel
Vyacheslav Serdyuk plays for FC Naftovyk-Ukrnafta Okhtyrka
Vyacheslav Serdyuk plays for FC Moscow
Vyacheslav Serdyuk plays for FC Chornomorets Odesa
Vyacheslav Serdyuk plays for FC Metalurh Zaporizhya
Vyacheslav Serdyuk plays for Ukraine national football team
Vyacheslav Serdyuk plays for FC Illichivets Mariupol
René Vandereycken plays for K.S.C. Hasselt
René Vandereycken plays for Belgium national football team
René Vandereycken plays for K.A.A. Gent
René Vandereycken plays for Club Brugge KV
René Vandereycken plays for Club Brugge K.V.
René Vandereycken plays for K.R.C. Genk
René Vandereycken plays for SpVgg Blau-Weiß 1890 Berlin
René Vandereycken plays for R.S.C. Anderlecht
René Vandereycken plays for Genoa C.F.C.
René Vandereycken plays for Standard Liège
Vara Municipality is located in Västra Götaland County
Vara Municipality is located in Western Sweden
Vara Municipality is located in Bohuslän
Vara Municipality is located in United States
Vara Municipality is located in Dalsland
Vara Municipality is located in Värmland
Vara Municipality is located in Poland
Vara Municipality is located in Sweden
Vara Municipality is located in Europe
Vara Municipality is located in Masovian Voivodeship
Ljubiša Spajić was born in Belgrade
Ljubiša Spajić was born in Kraljevo
Ljubiša Spajić was born in Sarajevo
Ljubiša Spajić was born in Novi Sad
Ljubiša Spajić was born in Thessaloniki
Ljubiša Spajić was born in Knin
Ljubiša Spajić was born in Niš
Ljubiša Spajić was born in Šabac
"Ljubiša Spajić was born in Bar, Montenegro"
"Ljubiša Spajić was born in Mitrovica, Kosovo"
Baltazar (footballer) plays for Clube Atlético Juventus
Baltazar (footballer) plays for Jabaquara Atlético Clube
Baltazar (footballer) plays for Sport Club Corinthians Paulista
Baltazar (footballer) plays for Brazil national football team
Baltazar (footballer) plays for Santos FC
Baltazar (footballer) plays for S.C. Corinthians Paulista
Baltazar (footballer) plays for Associação Portuguesa de Desportos
Baltazar (footballer) plays for Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras
Baltazar (footballer) plays for Guarani Futebol Clube
Baltazar (footballer) plays for São Paulo FC
José Quitongo plays for Pollok F.C.
José Quitongo plays for Glenafton Athletic F.C.
José Quitongo plays for Partick Thistle F.C.
José Quitongo plays for Dumbarton F.C.
José Quitongo plays for Dibba Al-Hisn Sports Club
José Quitongo plays for Albion Rovers F.C.
José Quitongo plays for Heart of Midlothian F.C.
José Quitongo plays for Alloa Athletic F.C.
José Quitongo plays for Stenhousemuir F.C.
José Quitongo plays for Hamilton Academical F.C.
Sergei Serdyukov is affiliated to FC Kavkazkabel Prokhladny
Sergei Serdyukov is affiliated to FC Beshtau Lermontov
Sergei Serdyukov is affiliated to FC Gazprom transgaz Stavropol Ryzdvyany
Sergei Serdyukov is affiliated to FC Dynamo Stavropol
Sergei Serdyukov is affiliated to FC Gazovik Orenburg
Sergei Serdyukov is affiliated to FC Dynamo Makhachkala
Sergei Serdyukov is affiliated to FC KAMAZ Naberezhnye Chelny
Sergei Serdyukov is affiliated to FC Tyumen
Sergei Serdyukov is affiliated to PFC Spartak Nalchik
Sergei Serdyukov is affiliated to FC Nosta Novotroitsk
Mounir Soufiani plays for Bourges 18
Mounir Soufiani plays for FC Schaffhausen
Mounir Soufiani plays for Football Club Libourne
Mounir Soufiani plays for Stade Lavallois
Mounir Soufiani plays for FC St. Gallen
Mounir Soufiani plays for Neuchâtel Xamax
Mounir Soufiani plays for Royal Antwerp F.C.
Mounir Soufiani plays for R.A.E.C. Mons
Mounir Soufiani plays for FC Sion
Mounir Soufiani plays for FC Wil 1900
Mehdi Ben Slimane plays for AS Marsa
Mehdi Ben Slimane plays for fr/Avenir sportif de La Marsa (football)
Mehdi Ben Slimane plays for Al Nassr FC
Mehdi Ben Slimane plays for Club Africain
Mehdi Ben Slimane plays for Tunisia national football team
Mehdi Ben Slimane plays for SC Freiburg
Mehdi Ben Slimane plays for Borussia Mönchengladbach
Mehdi Ben Slimane plays for Al-Riyadh SC
Mehdi Ben Slimane plays for Olympique de Marseille
Mehdi Ben Slimane plays for Espérance de Tunis
Avi Strool is affiliated to Israel national under-21 football team
Avi Strool is affiliated to Hapoel Nir Ramat HaSharon F.C.
Avi Strool is affiliated to Maccabi Netanya F.C.
Avi Strool is affiliated to Israel national football team
Avi Strool is affiliated to K.S.C. Lokeren Oost-Vlaanderen
Avi Strool is affiliated to Maccabi Tel Aviv F.C.
Avi Strool is affiliated to Hapoel Tel Aviv F.C.
Avi Strool is affiliated to Hapoel Petah Tikva F.C.
Avi Strool is affiliated to Maccabi Haifa F.C.
Avi Strool is affiliated to Maccabi Petah Tikva F.C.
Harri Ylönen is affiliated to Sportfreunde Siegen
Harri Ylönen is affiliated to SK Brann
Harri Ylönen is affiliated to Finland national under-21 football team
Harri Ylönen is affiliated to Finland national football team
Harri Ylönen is affiliated to FC Haka
Harri Ylönen is affiliated to Kuopion Palloseura
Harri Ylönen is affiliated to Helsingin Jalkapalloklubi
Harri Ylönen is affiliated to FC Lahti
Harri Ylönen is affiliated to Vaasan Palloseura
Harri Ylönen is affiliated to FC Honka
Frank Kelly (mathematician) has academic advisor Frank Kelly (mathematician)
Frank Kelly (mathematician) has academic advisor Peter Whittle
Frank Kelly (mathematician) has academic advisor M. S. Bartlett
Frank Kelly (mathematician) has academic advisor David George Kendall
Frank Kelly (mathematician) has academic advisor John Edensor Littlewood
Frank Kelly (mathematician) has academic advisor Ernest Rutherford
Frank Kelly (mathematician) has academic advisor Dennis William Sciama
Frank Kelly (mathematician) has academic advisor G. H. Hardy
Frank Kelly (mathematician) has academic advisor Paul Dirac
Frank Kelly (mathematician) has academic advisor Charles Coulson
Anej Lovrečič is affiliated to NK Celje
Anej Lovrečič is affiliated to Slovenia national under-21 football team
Anej Lovrečič is affiliated to NK Olimpija Ljubljana (2005)
Anej Lovrečič is affiliated to FC Koper
Anej Lovrečič is affiliated to FC Vaslui
Anej Lovrečič is affiliated to FK Vardar
Anej Lovrečič is affiliated to U.S. Lecce
Anej Lovrečič is affiliated to Slovenia national football team
Anej Lovrečič is affiliated to ND Gorica
Anej Lovrečič is affiliated to NK Maribor
Jim McCrery has gender male
Jim McCrery has gender female
Jim McCrery has gender Bulgaria
Jim McCrery has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Jim McCrery has gender United Kingdom
Jim McCrery has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Jim McCrery has gender Azerbaijan
Jim McCrery has gender César Award
Jim McCrery has gender Turkey
Jim McCrery has gender London Heathrow Terminal 3
Maximilian Mehring plays for Wormatia Worms
Maximilian Mehring plays for Eintracht Frankfurt II
Maximilian Mehring plays for SV Darmstadt 98
Maximilian Mehring plays for de/Ludwigshafener SC
Maximilian Mehring plays for SC Freiburg
Maximilian Mehring plays for Eintracht Frankfurt
Maximilian Mehring plays for SV Waldhof Mannheim
Maximilian Mehring plays for FSV Frankfurt
Maximilian Mehring plays for SV Wehen Wiesbaden
Maximilian Mehring plays for 1. FC Kaiserslautern
Nakor Bueno is affiliated to UE Sant Andreu
Nakor Bueno is affiliated to FC Barcelona C
Nakor Bueno is affiliated to Polideportivo Ejido
Nakor Bueno is affiliated to CD Castellón
Nakor Bueno is affiliated to CD Leganés
Nakor Bueno is affiliated to FC Barcelona B
Nakor Bueno is affiliated to UE Lleida
Nakor Bueno is affiliated to FC Barcelona
Nakor Bueno is affiliated to C.D. Castellón
Nakor Bueno is affiliated to RCD Espanyol
Don McAllister plays for Tampa Bay Rowdies (1975–93)
Don McAllister plays for Bolton Wanderers F.C.
Don McAllister plays for Charlton Athletic F.C.
Don McAllister plays for Rochdale A.F.C.
Don McAllister plays for Tottenham Hotspur F.C.
Don McAllister plays for Vitória F.C.
Don McAllister plays for Washington Diplomats
Don McAllister plays for West Ham United F.C.
Don McAllister plays for Leeds United A.F.C.
Don McAllister plays for Crystal Palace F.C.
Naha is located in Okinawa
Naha is located in Okinawa Prefecture
Naha is located in Okinawa Island
Naha is located in Kyushu
Naha is located in Naha
Naha is located in Japan
Naha is located in Ryūkyū Islands
Naha is located in United States
Naha is located in China
Naha is located in East China Sea
Fabio Celestini is affiliated to Levante UD
Fabio Celestini is affiliated to Troyes AC
Fabio Celestini is affiliated to FC Lausanne-Sport
Fabio Celestini is affiliated to E.S. Troyes A.C.
Fabio Celestini is affiliated to Getafe CF
Fabio Celestini is affiliated to Levante U.D.
Fabio Celestini is affiliated to Olympique de Marseille
Fabio Celestini is affiliated to Switzerland national football team
Fabio Celestini is affiliated to Málaga CF
Fabio Celestini is affiliated to Málaga C.F.
Lil' Chris has gender male
Lil' Chris has gender female
Lil' Chris has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Lil' Chris has gender London Heathrow Terminal 3
Lil' Chris has gender Tomsk
Lil' Chris has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Lil' Chris has gender Azerbaijan
Lil' Chris has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Lil' Chris has gender London Heathrow Terminal 1
Lil' Chris has gender Turkey
Segun Atere was born in Lagos
Segun Atere was born in Ibadan
Segun Atere was born in Kaduna
Segun Atere was born in Jos
Segun Atere was born in Port Harcourt
Segun Atere was born in Benin City
Segun Atere was born in Owerri
Segun Atere was born in London
Segun Atere was born in Kano
Segun Atere was born in Abeokuta
Shinji Fujiyoshi plays for Giravanz Kitakyushu
Shinji Fujiyoshi plays for Kyoto Sanga F.C.
Shinji Fujiyoshi plays for Vegalta Sendai
Shinji Fujiyoshi plays for FC Ryūkyū
Shinji Fujiyoshi plays for Tokyo Verdy
Shinji Fujiyoshi plays for Chengdu Blades F.C.
Shinji Fujiyoshi plays for Chengdu Tiancheng F.C.
Shinji Fujiyoshi plays for Montedio Yamagata
Shinji Fujiyoshi plays for Japan national football team
Shinji Fujiyoshi plays for Avispa Fukuoka
Ljuba Baranin has gender male
Ljuba Baranin has gender female
Ljuba Baranin has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Ljuba Baranin has gender Brazil
Ljuba Baranin has gender United Kingdom
Ljuba Baranin has gender Labour Party (UK)
Ljuba Baranin has gender Germany
Ljuba Baranin has gender London
Ljuba Baranin has gender Tomsk
Ljuba Baranin has gender Italy
Walter Baseggio is affiliated to R.E. Mouscron
Walter Baseggio is affiliated to Treviso F.B.C. 1993
Walter Baseggio is affiliated to A.C.D. Treviso 2013
Walter Baseggio is affiliated to Belgium national football team
Walter Baseggio is affiliated to R.S.C. Anderlecht
Walter Baseggio is affiliated to A.F.C. Tubize
Walter Baseggio is affiliated to Belgium national under-21 football team
Walter Baseggio is affiliated to Standard Liège
Walter Baseggio is affiliated to K.A.A. Gent
Walter Baseggio is affiliated to R. Charleroi S.C.
Marie-Josée Roig has gender male
Marie-Josée Roig has gender female
Marie-Josée Roig has gender Azerbaijan
Marie-Josée Roig has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Marie-Josée Roig has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Marie-Josée Roig has gender Qatar
Marie-Josée Roig has gender United Kingdom
Marie-Josée Roig has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Marie-Josée Roig has gender London Heathrow Terminal 3
Marie-Josée Roig has gender South Korea
Nándor Hidegkuti is affiliated to Hungary national football team
Nándor Hidegkuti is affiliated to Stal Rzeszów
Nándor Hidegkuti is affiliated to MTK Budapest FC
Nándor Hidegkuti is affiliated to FC Tatabánya
Nándor Hidegkuti is affiliated to Egri FC
Nándor Hidegkuti is affiliated to Győri ETO FC
Nándor Hidegkuti is affiliated to Al Ahli Club (Dubai)
Nándor Hidegkuti is affiliated to Al Ahly SC
Nándor Hidegkuti is affiliated to Mantova F.C.
Nándor Hidegkuti is affiliated to Újpest FC
Marc Pujol was born in Barcelona
Marc Pujol was born in Andorra
Marc Pujol was born in Vitoria-Gasteiz
Marc Pujol was born in London
Marc Pujol was born in Madrid
Marc Pujol was born in New York City
Marc Pujol was born in Paris
Marc Pujol was born in Buenos Aires
Marc Pujol was born in Budapest
Marc Pujol was born in Dublin
The Magic Sword (1962 film) is located in United States
The Magic Sword (1962 film) is located in United Kingdom
The Magic Sword (1962 film) is located in France
The Magic Sword (1962 film) is located in Germany
The Magic Sword (1962 film) is located in Canada
The Magic Sword (1962 film) is located in India
The Magic Sword (1962 film) is located in Italy
The Magic Sword (1962 film) is located in China
The Magic Sword (1962 film) is located in Japan
The Magic Sword (1962 film) is located in Spain
Marcelo Ojeda is affiliated to Defensa y Justicia
Marcelo Ojeda is affiliated to Club Atlético Lanús
Marcelo Ojeda is affiliated to Argentinos Juniors
Marcelo Ojeda is affiliated to C.A. Lanús
Marcelo Ojeda is affiliated to Estudiantes de La Plata
Marcelo Ojeda is affiliated to A.A. Argentinos Juniors
Marcelo Ojeda is affiliated to C.D. Tenerife
Marcelo Ojeda is affiliated to CD Tenerife
Marcelo Ojeda is affiliated to Argentina national football team
Marcelo Ojeda is affiliated to Talleres de Córdoba
Julius Sterling Morton is affiliated to Republican Party (United States)
Julius Sterling Morton is affiliated to Democratic Party (United States)
Julius Sterling Morton is affiliated to Federalist Party
Julius Sterling Morton is affiliated to Whig Party (United States)
Julius Sterling Morton is affiliated to Indian National Congress
Julius Sterling Morton is affiliated to Rangers F.C.
Julius Sterling Morton is affiliated to Preston North End F.C.
Julius Sterling Morton is affiliated to Independent (politician)
Julius Sterling Morton is affiliated to France national football team
Julius Sterling Morton is affiliated to Lega Basket Serie A
Debbie Bampton is affiliated to Millwall Lionesses L.F.C.
Debbie Bampton is affiliated to Arsenal L.F.C.
Debbie Bampton is affiliated to Doncaster Rovers Belles L.F.C.
Debbie Bampton is affiliated to England women's national football team
Debbie Bampton is affiliated to ACF Trani 80
Debbie Bampton is affiliated to Charlton Athletic L.F.C.
Debbie Bampton is affiliated to Chelsea L.F.C.
Debbie Bampton is affiliated to Great Britain women's Olympic football team
Debbie Bampton is affiliated to Fulham L.F.C.
Debbie Bampton is affiliated to Birmingham City L.F.C.
Evan Bayh is politician of United States
Evan Bayh is politician of France
Evan Bayh is politician of Italy
Evan Bayh is politician of Germany
Evan Bayh is politician of Spain
Evan Bayh is politician of Canada
Evan Bayh is politician of California
Evan Bayh is politician of Illinois
Evan Bayh is politician of Indiana
Evan Bayh is politician of Massachusetts
Pierre Laigle is affiliated to AS Saint-Priest
Pierre Laigle is affiliated to Montpellier HSC
Pierre Laigle is affiliated to RC Lens
Pierre Laigle is affiliated to Olympique Lyonnais
Pierre Laigle is affiliated to Montpellier H.S.C.
Pierre Laigle is affiliated to R.C. Lens
Pierre Laigle is affiliated to U.C. Sampdoria
Pierre Laigle is affiliated to France national football team
Pierre Laigle is affiliated to Olympique de Marseille
Pierre Laigle is affiliated to France national under-21 football team
Shinji Tsujio is affiliated to Oita Trinita
Shinji Tsujio is affiliated to Sanfrecce Hiroshima
Shinji Tsujio is affiliated to Chuo University
Shinji Tsujio is affiliated to F.C. Tokyo
Shinji Tsujio is affiliated to Shimizu S-Pulse
Shinji Tsujio is affiliated to Japan national football team
Shinji Tsujio is affiliated to Gamba Osaka
Shinji Tsujio is affiliated to JEF United Ichihara Chiba
Shinji Tsujio is affiliated to Tokyo Verdy
Shinji Tsujio is affiliated to Shonan Bellmare
Ringo Sheena has musical role wordnet harpsichord 103496296
Ringo Sheena has musical role wordnet accordion 102672831
Ringo Sheena has musical role wordnet piano 103928116
Ringo Sheena has musical role wordnet guitar 103467517
Ringo Sheena has musical role wordnet bass guitar 102804123
Ringo Sheena has musical role wordnet vocal music 107282006
Ringo Sheena has musical role wordnet synthesist 110687231
Ringo Sheena has musical role wordnet violin 104536866
Ringo Sheena has musical role wordnet harmonica 103494278
Ringo Sheena has musical role wordnet drum 103249569
Štěpán Vachoušek plays for Arsenal Česká Lípa
Štěpán Vachoušek plays for SC Xaverov
Štěpán Vachoušek plays for Czech Republic national under-21 football team
Štěpán Vachoušek plays for FK Teplice
Štěpán Vachoušek plays for FK Chmel Blšany
Štěpán Vachoušek plays for SK Slavia Prague
Štěpán Vachoušek plays for AC Sparta Prague
Štěpán Vachoušek plays for Czech Republic national football team
Štěpán Vachoušek plays for FK Austria Wien
Štěpán Vachoušek plays for Olympique de Marseille
Jürgen Trittin is married to Renate Künast
Jürgen Trittin is married to Jürgen Trittin
Jürgen Trittin is married to Claudia Roth
Jürgen Trittin is married to Angela Merkel
Jürgen Trittin is married to Horst Seehofer
Jürgen Trittin is married to Magda Goebbels
Jürgen Trittin is married to Margot Honecker
Jürgen Trittin is married to Matthias Platzeck
Jürgen Trittin is married to Gesine Lötzsch
Jürgen Trittin is married to Joseph Goebbels
Guillermo Imhoff plays for FC Wacker Innsbruck (2002)
Guillermo Imhoff plays for Huracán de Tres Arroyos
Guillermo Imhoff plays for Gimnasia y Esgrima de Jujuy
Guillermo Imhoff plays for Club Jorge Wilstermann
Guillermo Imhoff plays for FC Sion
Guillermo Imhoff plays for F.C. Wacker Innsbruck
Guillermo Imhoff plays for Club Atlético Colón
Guillermo Imhoff plays for Club Atlético Independiente
Guillermo Imhoff plays for Club Olimpo
Guillermo Imhoff plays for Estudiantes de La Plata
Tobias Mikkelsen is affiliated to FC Nordsjælland
Tobias Mikkelsen is affiliated to Lyngby Boldklub
Tobias Mikkelsen is affiliated to Brøndby IF
Tobias Mikkelsen is affiliated to Denmark national under-21 football team
Tobias Mikkelsen is affiliated to FC Helsingør
Tobias Mikkelsen is affiliated to Rosenborg BK
Tobias Mikkelsen is affiliated to Denmark national football team
Tobias Mikkelsen is affiliated to SpVgg Greuther Fürth
Tobias Mikkelsen is affiliated to F.C. Copenhagen
Tobias Mikkelsen is affiliated to Denmark national under-19 football team
Simon Jentzsch plays for KFC Uerdingen 05
Simon Jentzsch plays for Germany national football B team
Simon Jentzsch plays for Germany national under-21 football team
Simon Jentzsch plays for FC Augsburg
Simon Jentzsch plays for de/Deutsche A2-Fußballnationalmannschaft
Simon Jentzsch plays for Karlsruher SC
Simon Jentzsch plays for TSV 1860 München
Simon Jentzsch plays for K.F.C. Uerdingen 05
Simon Jentzsch plays for VfL Wolfsburg
Simon Jentzsch plays for Germany national football team
André Roberto Soares da Silva plays for Mersin İdmanyurdu SK
André Roberto Soares da Silva plays for Canoas Sport Club
André Roberto Soares da Silva plays for Club Ferro Carril Oeste
André Roberto Soares da Silva plays for Bucaspor
André Roberto Soares da Silva plays for Gaziantepspor
André Roberto Soares da Silva plays for Criciúma Esporte Clube
André Roberto Soares da Silva plays for PFC Litex Lovech
André Roberto Soares da Silva plays for Ferro Carril Oeste
André Roberto Soares da Silva plays for fr/Club Ferro Carril Oeste
André Roberto Soares da Silva plays for Khazar Lankaran FK
Ray Burse is affiliated to Ohio State Buckeyes
Ray Burse is affiliated to Chicago Fire Premier
Ray Burse is affiliated to Puerto Rico Islanders
Ray Burse is affiliated to Carolina RailHawks
Ray Burse is affiliated to Columbus Crew
Ray Burse is affiliated to Portland Timbers (2001–10)
Ray Burse is affiliated to FC Dallas
Ray Burse is affiliated to F.C. Dallas
Ray Burse is affiliated to Chicago Fire Soccer Club
Ray Burse is affiliated to Real Salt Lake
Grgur Radoš is affiliated to TSV Milbertshofen
Grgur Radoš is affiliated to NK Varaždin
Grgur Radoš is affiliated to Hamburger SV II
Grgur Radoš is affiliated to Unione Triestina 2012 S.S.D.
Grgur Radoš is affiliated to FSV Oggersheim
Grgur Radoš is affiliated to SpVgg Unterhaching
Grgur Radoš is affiliated to FC Bayern Munich
Grgur Radoš is affiliated to Hamburger SV
Grgur Radoš is affiliated to FC Bayern Munich II
Grgur Radoš is affiliated to TSV 1860 München
Ian Holloway plays for Queens Park Rangers F.C.
Ian Holloway plays for Torquay United F.C.
Ian Holloway plays for Wimbledon F.C.
Ian Holloway plays for Brentford F.C.
Ian Holloway plays for Crystal Palace F.C.
Ian Holloway plays for Millwall F.C.
Ian Holloway plays for Plymouth Argyle F.C.
Ian Holloway plays for Bristol Rovers F.C.
Ian Holloway plays for Leicester City F.C.
Ian Holloway plays for Blackpool F.C.
Emmanuel Ake is affiliated to Ølstykke FC
Emmanuel Ake is affiliated to Herfølge Boldklub
Emmanuel Ake is affiliated to Næstved BK
Emmanuel Ake is affiliated to Lyngby Boldklub
Emmanuel Ake is affiliated to FC Nordsjælland
Emmanuel Ake is affiliated to Hellerup IK
Emmanuel Ake is affiliated to HB Køge
Emmanuel Ake is affiliated to Akademisk Boldklub
Emmanuel Ake is affiliated to Holbæk B&I
Emmanuel Ake is affiliated to Kenya national football team
Yeung Ching Kwong plays for Sun Pegasus FC
Yeung Ching Kwong plays for Eastern AA
Yeung Ching Kwong plays for Kitchee SC
Yeung Ching Kwong plays for South China AA
Yeung Ching Kwong plays for Hong Kong national football team
Yeung Ching Kwong plays for Hong Kong Rangers FC
Yeung Ching Kwong plays for South China Athletic Association
Yeung Ching Kwong plays for Sun Hei SC
Yeung Ching Kwong plays for Double Flower FA
Yeung Ching Kwong plays for Happy Valley AA
Kazuyoshi Mikami is affiliated to Vissel Kobe
Kazuyoshi Mikami is affiliated to Oita Trinita
Kazuyoshi Mikami is affiliated to Omiya Ardija
Kazuyoshi Mikami is affiliated to JEF United Ichihara Chiba
Kazuyoshi Mikami is affiliated to Yokohama F. Marinos
Kazuyoshi Mikami is affiliated to Tokyo Verdy
Kazuyoshi Mikami is affiliated to Japan national football team
Kazuyoshi Mikami is affiliated to Albirex Niigata
Kazuyoshi Mikami is affiliated to Sanfrecce Hiroshima
Kazuyoshi Mikami is affiliated to Avispa Fukuoka
Thiago Rangel Cionek plays for Jagiellonia Białystok
Thiago Rangel Cionek plays for Calcio Padova
Thiago Rangel Cionek plays for Clube de Regatas Brasil
Thiago Rangel Cionek plays for GD Bragança
Thiago Rangel Cionek plays for Cuiabá Esporte Clube
Thiago Rangel Cionek plays for Modena F.C.
Thiago Rangel Cionek plays for Poland national football team
Thiago Rangel Cionek plays for Górnik Zabrze
Thiago Rangel Cionek plays for Clube Atlético Paranaense
Thiago Rangel Cionek plays for Widzew Łódź
Robert Vujević plays for Würzburger Kickers
Robert Vujević plays for VfB Stuttgart II
Robert Vujević plays for SSV Reutlingen 05
Robert Vujević plays for VfB Stuttgart
Robert Vujević plays for Sportfreunde Siegen
Robert Vujević plays for Stuttgarter Kickers
Robert Vujević plays for SV Elversberg
Robert Vujević plays for 1. FC Schweinfurt 05
Robert Vujević plays for Germany national under-21 football team
Robert Vujević plays for Eintracht Frankfurt
Andy Fensome plays for Bury Town F.C.
Andy Fensome plays for Cambridge United F.C.
Andy Fensome plays for Preston North End F.C.
Andy Fensome plays for Norwich City F.C.
Andy Fensome plays for Rochdale A.F.C.
Andy Fensome plays for Newcastle United F.C.
Andy Fensome plays for Morecambe F.C.
Andy Fensome plays for Stockport County F.C.
Andy Fensome plays for Blackpool F.C.
Andy Fensome plays for Peterborough United F.C.
Bill Condon has gender male
Bill Condon has gender female
Bill Condon has gender Erasmus Prize
Bill Condon has gender France
Bill Condon has gender United Kingdom
Bill Condon has gender English language
Bill Condon has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Bill Condon has gender César Award
Bill Condon has gender Brazil
Bill Condon has gender London
Mark Walton (footballer) is affiliated to Norwich City F.C.
Mark Walton (footballer) is affiliated to Merthyr Tydfil F.C.
Mark Walton (footballer) is affiliated to Wroxham F.C.
Mark Walton (footballer) is affiliated to Barry Town United F.C.
Mark Walton (footballer) is affiliated to Bentleigh Greens SC
Mark Walton (footballer) is affiliated to Luton Town F.C.
Mark Walton (footballer) is affiliated to Cardiff City F.C.
Mark Walton (footballer) is affiliated to Wrexham F.C.
Mark Walton (footballer) is affiliated to Brighton & Hove Albion F.C.
Mark Walton (footballer) is affiliated to Gillingham F.C.
Sri Potti Sri Ramulu Nellore district is located in Coastal Andhra
Sri Potti Sri Ramulu Nellore district is located in India
Sri Potti Sri Ramulu Nellore district is located in Andhra Pradesh
Sri Potti Sri Ramulu Nellore district is located in United States
Sri Potti Sri Ramulu Nellore district is located in Sri Potti Sri Ramulu Nellore district
Sri Potti Sri Ramulu Nellore district is located in United Kingdom
Sri Potti Sri Ramulu Nellore district is located in Nellore
Sri Potti Sri Ramulu Nellore district is located in Maharashtra
Sri Potti Sri Ramulu Nellore district is located in Odisha
Sri Potti Sri Ramulu Nellore district is located in Japan
Turan Tovuz PFK owns Azerbaijan
Turan Tovuz PFK owns Turan Tovuz PFK
Turan Tovuz PFK owns Baku
Turan Tovuz PFK owns Sumqayit
Turan Tovuz PFK owns Turan-T IK
Turan Tovuz PFK owns Turkey
Turan Tovuz PFK owns Azerbaijan national football team
Turan Tovuz PFK owns Neftchi Baku PFK
Turan Tovuz PFK owns Kayseri
Turan Tovuz PFK owns Qarabağ FK
Christian Olsen plays for Skive IK
Christian Olsen plays for Viborg FF
Christian Olsen plays for FC Midtjylland
Christian Olsen plays for Íþróttabandalag Vestmannaeyja
Christian Olsen plays for Ikast FS
Christian Olsen plays for Vejle Boldklub
Christian Olsen plays for Silkeborg IF
Christian Olsen plays for Randers FC
Christian Olsen plays for Denmark national under-21 football team
Christian Olsen plays for Odense Boldklub
Rob Lee is affiliated to England national under-21 football team
Rob Lee is affiliated to England national football B team
Rob Lee is affiliated to England national football team
Rob Lee is affiliated to West Ham United F.C.
Rob Lee is affiliated to Wycombe Wanderers F.C.
Rob Lee is affiliated to Derby County F.C.
Rob Lee is affiliated to Charlton Athletic F.C.
Rob Lee is affiliated to Oldham Athletic A.F.C.
Rob Lee is affiliated to Newcastle United F.C.
Rob Lee is affiliated to Crystal Palace F.C.
Gonzalo Novoa plays for Deportes Valdivia
Gonzalo Novoa plays for Unión Temuco
Gonzalo Novoa plays for Deportes Copiapó
Gonzalo Novoa plays for Deportes Temuco
Gonzalo Novoa plays for Club Universidad de Chile
Gonzalo Novoa plays for Chile national football team
Gonzalo Novoa plays for Curicó Unido
Gonzalo Novoa plays for A.C. Barnechea
Gonzalo Novoa plays for Colo-Colo
Gonzalo Novoa plays for Cobreloa
Charles Haughey has gender male
Charles Haughey has gender female
Charles Haughey has gender South Korea
Charles Haughey has gender United Kingdom
Charles Haughey has gender Brazil
Charles Haughey has gender Turkey
Charles Haughey has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Charles Haughey has gender Germany
Charles Haughey has gender Italy
Charles Haughey has gender United States
Paulius Paknys plays for FK Šilutė
Paulius Paknys plays for Kmita Zabierzów
Paulius Paknys plays for VMFD Žalgiris Vilnius
Paulius Paknys plays for Kolejarz Stróże
Paulius Paknys plays for FK Ekranas
Paulius Paknys plays for Simurq PIK
Paulius Paknys plays for Puszcza Niepołomice
Paulius Paknys plays for Korona Kielce
Paulius Paknys plays for FC Shakhtyor Salihorsk
Paulius Paknys plays for Inter Baku PIK
Justice John Erhenede is affiliated to Hobro IK
Justice John Erhenede is affiliated to Kolding FC
Justice John Erhenede is affiliated to F.C. Ebedei
Justice John Erhenede is affiliated to HB Køge
Justice John Erhenede is affiliated to Vejle Boldklub
Justice John Erhenede is affiliated to FC Midtjylland
Justice John Erhenede is affiliated to Herfølge Boldklub
Justice John Erhenede is affiliated to Denmark national under-21 football team
Justice John Erhenede is affiliated to Nigeria national football team
Justice John Erhenede is affiliated to Aarhus Gymnastikforening
Éric Mura plays for LB Châteauroux
Éric Mura plays for Olympique Alès
Éric Mura plays for Olympique de Marseille
Éric Mura plays for SC Bastia
Éric Mura plays for L.B. Châteauroux
Éric Mura plays for RC Strasbourg
Éric Mura plays for S.C. Bastia
Éric Mura plays for AS Aix
Éric Mura plays for FC Martigues
Éric Mura plays for Olympique Noisy-le-Sec
Elano plays for Clube de Regatas do Flamengo
Elano plays for Santos FC
Elano plays for Brazil national football team
Elano plays for Galatasaray S.K. (football)
Elano plays for Grêmio Foot-Ball Porto Alegrense
Elano plays for FC Shakhtar Donetsk
Elano plays for Associação Atlética Internacional (Limeira)
Elano plays for Guarani Futebol Clube
Elano plays for Manchester City F.C.
Elano plays for Galatasaray S.K.
Leonhard Euler is citizen of Russian Empire
Leonhard Euler is citizen of Switzerland
Leonhard Euler is citizen of Prussia
Leonhard Euler is citizen of Germany
Leonhard Euler is citizen of Kingdom of Prussia
Leonhard Euler is citizen of France
Leonhard Euler is citizen of Russia
Leonhard Euler is citizen of German Empire
Leonhard Euler is citizen of United Kingdom
Leonhard Euler is citizen of Austria-Hungary
Ebrahim Taghipour plays for Sanat Sari F.C.
Ebrahim Taghipour plays for Pegah F.C.
Ebrahim Taghipour plays for Iran national football team
Ebrahim Taghipour plays for Zob Ahan Isfahan F.C.
Ebrahim Taghipour plays for Esteghlal F.C.
Ebrahim Taghipour plays for Esteghlal Ahvaz F.C.
Ebrahim Taghipour plays for Persepolis F.C.
Ebrahim Taghipour plays for Sanat Mes Kerman F.C.
Ebrahim Taghipour plays for Nassaji Mazandaran F.C.
Ebrahim Taghipour plays for Tractor Sazi F.C.
Tom Gracie plays for Arthurlie F.C.
Tom Gracie plays for Airdrieonians F.C. (1878)
Tom Gracie plays for Greenock Morton F.C.
Tom Gracie plays for Hamilton Academical F.C.
Tom Gracie plays for Shawfield F.C.
Tom Gracie plays for Everton F.C.
Tom Gracie plays for Liverpool F.C.
Tom Gracie plays for Scottish Football League XI
Tom Gracie plays for Heart of Midlothian F.C.
Tom Gracie plays for Airdrieonians F.C.
Aleksander Knavs is affiliated to FC Tirol Innsbruck
Aleksander Knavs is affiliated to NK Olimpija Ljubljana (defunct)
Aleksander Knavs is affiliated to Slovenia national football team
Aleksander Knavs is affiliated to FC Red Bull Salzburg
Aleksander Knavs is affiliated to F.C. Red Bull Salzburg
Aleksander Knavs is affiliated to NK Olimpija Ljubljana (2005)
Aleksander Knavs is affiliated to VfL Bochum
Aleksander Knavs is affiliated to 1. FC Kaiserslautern
Aleksander Knavs is affiliated to F.C. Wacker Innsbruck
Aleksander Knavs is affiliated to FC Wacker Innsbruck (2002)
Paulo Sérgio Betanin is affiliated to Sorrento Calcio
Paulo Sérgio Betanin is affiliated to U.S. Grosseto F.C.
Paulo Sérgio Betanin is affiliated to Brazil national under-20 football team
Paulo Sérgio Betanin is affiliated to A.S. Livorno Calcio
Paulo Sérgio Betanin is affiliated to Esporte Clube Juventude
Paulo Sérgio Betanin is affiliated to E.C. Juventude
Paulo Sérgio Betanin is affiliated to U.S. Lecce
Paulo Sérgio Betanin is affiliated to A.C. Siena
Paulo Sérgio Betanin is affiliated to Sport Club Internacional
Paulo Sérgio Betanin is affiliated to A.S. Bari
Amr Zaki plays for Enppi
Amr Zaki plays for ENPPI Club
Amr Zaki plays for Zamalek SC
Amr Zaki plays for Zamalek Sporting Club
Amr Zaki plays for El Mansoura SC
Amr Zaki plays for Egypt national football team
Amr Zaki plays for Al-Salmiya SC
Amr Zaki plays for Raja Casablanca
Amr Zaki plays for Hull City A.F.C.
Amr Zaki plays for Wigan Athletic F.C.
Maria Cristina of Savoy has gender male
Maria Cristina of Savoy has gender female
Maria Cristina of Savoy has gender United Arab Emirates
Maria Cristina of Savoy has gender Tomsk
Maria Cristina of Savoy has gender Azerbaijan
Maria Cristina of Savoy has gender United Kingdom
Maria Cristina of Savoy has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Maria Cristina of Savoy has gender Nobel Prize in Physics
Maria Cristina of Savoy has gender Qatar
Maria Cristina of Savoy has gender United States
Ovidiu Petre is affiliated to F.C. Steaua Bucureşti
Ovidiu Petre is affiliated to Romania national football team
Ovidiu Petre is affiliated to FC Progresul București
Ovidiu Petre is affiliated to Romania national under-21 football team
Ovidiu Petre is affiliated to FC Steaua București
Ovidiu Petre is affiliated to ACS Poli Timișoara
Ovidiu Petre is affiliated to Galatasaray S.K. (football)
Ovidiu Petre is affiliated to Galatasaray S.K.
Ovidiu Petre is affiliated to Modena F.C.
Ovidiu Petre is affiliated to Al Nassr FC
Archie Roboostoff plays for Oakland Stompers
Archie Roboostoff plays for Portland Timbers (1975–82)
Archie Roboostoff plays for San Diego Sockers (1978–96)
Archie Roboostoff plays for San Jose Earthquakes (1974–88)
Archie Roboostoff plays for United States men's national soccer team
Archie Roboostoff plays for Los Angeles Aztecs
Archie Roboostoff plays for Kansas City Comets
Archie Roboostoff plays for San Francisco Fog (MISL)
Archie Roboostoff plays for Minnesota Kicks
Archie Roboostoff plays for New York Cosmos
Martin Horák plays for 1. SK Prostějov
Martin Horák plays for Bohemians 1905
Martin Horák plays for AC Sparta Prague
Martin Horák plays for FC Sibir Novosibirsk
Martin Horák plays for FC Zenit Saint Petersburg
Martin Horák plays for FC Rostov
Martin Horák plays for FC Shinnik Yaroslavl
Martin Horák plays for Denizlispor
Martin Horák plays for Czech Republic national under-21 football team
Martin Horák plays for FC Viktoria Plzeň
Otto Wallach graduated from University of Göttingen
Otto Wallach graduated from University of Königsberg
Otto Wallach graduated from Humboldt University of Berlin
Otto Wallach graduated from Humboldt University
Otto Wallach graduated from Heidelberg University
Otto Wallach graduated from Leipzig University
Otto Wallach graduated from Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich
Otto Wallach graduated from University of Bonn
Otto Wallach graduated from Martin Luther University of Halle-Wittenberg
Otto Wallach graduated from University of Würzburg
Mark Patterson (footballer born 1968) is affiliated to Carlisle United F.C.
Mark Patterson (footballer born 1968) is affiliated to Plymouth Argyle F.C.
Mark Patterson (footballer born 1968) is affiliated to Derby County F.C.
Mark Patterson (footballer born 1968) is affiliated to Gillingham F.C.
Mark Patterson (footballer born 1968) is affiliated to Huddersfield Town F.C.
Mark Patterson (footballer born 1968) is affiliated to Sheffield United F.C.
Mark Patterson (footballer born 1968) is affiliated to Leeds United A.F.C.
Mark Patterson (footballer born 1968) is affiliated to Blackpool F.C.
Mark Patterson (footballer born 1968) is affiliated to Millwall F.C.
Mark Patterson (footballer born 1968) is affiliated to Bradford City A.F.C.
Mohd Farderin Kadir is affiliated to Malaysia national under-23 football team
Mohd Farderin Kadir is affiliated to Felda United F.C.
Mohd Farderin Kadir is affiliated to Harimau Muda A
Mohd Farderin Kadir is affiliated to Kuala Muda Naza F.C.
Mohd Farderin Kadir is affiliated to Terengganu FA
Mohd Farderin Kadir is affiliated to Malacca United F.C.
Mohd Farderin Kadir is affiliated to Perlis FA
Mohd Farderin Kadir is affiliated to Selangor FA
Mohd Farderin Kadir is affiliated to Malaysia national football team
Mohd Farderin Kadir is affiliated to Negeri Sembilan FA
Frank Lloyd Wright has gender male
Frank Lloyd Wright has gender female
Frank Lloyd Wright has gender United Kingdom
Frank Lloyd Wright has gender Turkey
Frank Lloyd Wright has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Frank Lloyd Wright has gender Italy
Frank Lloyd Wright has gender Bulgaria
Frank Lloyd Wright has gender South Yemen
Frank Lloyd Wright has gender Independent (politician)
Frank Lloyd Wright has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Tonel plays for Portugal national under-21 football team
Tonel plays for F.C. Porto
Tonel plays for Associação Académica de Coimbra – O.A.F.
Tonel plays for Portugal national football team
Tonel plays for S.C. Beira-Mar
Tonel plays for S.C. Espinho
Tonel plays for F.C. Porto B
Tonel plays for C.S. Marítimo
Tonel plays for GNK Dinamo Zagreb
Tonel plays for C.D. Feirense
Miles Joseph plays for Dallas Sidekicks (1984–2004)
Miles Joseph plays for Columbus Crew
Miles Joseph plays for New York Red Bulls
Miles Joseph plays for United States men's national soccer team
Miles Joseph plays for FC Dallas
Miles Joseph plays for F.C. Dallas
Miles Joseph plays for United States national soccer team
Miles Joseph plays for Chicago Fire Soccer Club
Miles Joseph plays for LA Galaxy
Miles Joseph plays for Colorado Rapids
Abdoulaye Baldé (footballer) plays for LB Châteauroux
Abdoulaye Baldé (footballer) plays for FC Metz
Abdoulaye Baldé (footballer) plays for A.C. Lumezzane
Abdoulaye Baldé (footballer) plays for L.B. Châteauroux
Abdoulaye Baldé (footballer) plays for Étoile Fréjus Saint-Raphaël
Abdoulaye Baldé (footballer) plays for Hatta Club
Abdoulaye Baldé (footballer) plays for Amiens SC
Abdoulaye Baldé (footballer) plays for F.C. Metz
Abdoulaye Baldé (footballer) plays for France national under-19 football team
Abdoulaye Baldé (footballer) plays for France national under-20 football team
Frank McKenna (footballer) is affiliated to Brooklyn Robins Dry Dock
Frank McKenna (footballer) is affiliated to Todd Shipyards (soccer team)
Frank McKenna (footballer) is affiliated to Indiana Flooring
Frank McKenna (footballer) is affiliated to Pawtucket Rangers
Frank McKenna (footballer) is affiliated to New York Nationals (ASL)
Frank McKenna (footballer) is affiliated to Vale of Leven F.C.
Frank McKenna (footballer) is affiliated to Providence F.C.
Frank McKenna (footballer) is affiliated to Fall River Marksmen
Frank McKenna (footballer) is affiliated to Bethlehem Steel F.C.
Frank McKenna (footballer) is affiliated to Paterson F.C. (NAFBL)
Manfred Binz plays for Eintracht Frankfurt
Manfred Binz plays for Eintracht Frankfurt II
Manfred Binz plays for Kickers Offenbach
Manfred Binz plays for KSV Klein-Karben
Manfred Binz plays for Borussia Dortmund
Manfred Binz plays for Germany national football team
Manfred Binz plays for Germany national under-21 football team
Manfred Binz plays for Brescia Calcio
Manfred Binz plays for FSV Frankfurt
Manfred Binz plays for Germany national youth football team
Gürhan Gürsoy plays for Polatlı Bugsaşspor
Gürhan Gürsoy plays for Fenerbahçe S.K.
Gürhan Gürsoy plays for Antalyaspor
Gürhan Gürsoy plays for Adanaspor
Gürhan Gürsoy plays for Sivasspor
Gürhan Gürsoy plays for IFK Norrköping
Gürhan Gürsoy plays for Medical Park Antalyaspor
Gürhan Gürsoy plays for Fenerbahçe S.K. (football)
Gürhan Gürsoy plays for Turkey national football team
Gürhan Gürsoy plays for Göztepe S.K.
Oscar Damiani plays for Italy national under-21 football team
Oscar Damiani plays for Parma F.C.
Oscar Damiani plays for Inter Milan
Oscar Damiani plays for S.S.C. Napoli
Oscar Damiani plays for New York Cosmos
Oscar Damiani plays for A.C. Milan
Oscar Damiani plays for Genoa C.F.C.
Oscar Damiani plays for Vicenza Calcio
Oscar Damiani plays for Juventus F.C.
Oscar Damiani plays for Italy national football team
Kenneth Udjus plays for Løv-Ham Fotball
Kenneth Udjus plays for FK Tønsberg
Kenneth Udjus plays for Sogndal Fotball
Kenneth Udjus plays for Lillestrøm SK
Kenneth Udjus plays for FK Vigør
Kenneth Udjus plays for Tromsø IL
Kenneth Udjus plays for SK Brann
Kenneth Udjus plays for IK Start
Kenneth Udjus plays for Norway national under-21 football team
Kenneth Udjus plays for Norway national football team
Vule Trivunović plays for FK Sarajevo
Vule Trivunović plays for FK Borac Banja Luka
Vule Trivunović plays for FC Zhetysu
Vule Trivunović plays for FK Obilić
Vule Trivunović plays for SV Wacker Burghausen
Vule Trivunović plays for FC Khimki
Vule Trivunović plays for F.K. Sarajevo
Vule Trivunović plays for KS Cracovia (football)
Vule Trivunović plays for NK Čelik Zenica
Vule Trivunović plays for FK Laktaši
"Battle of Saint-Mathieu happened in Brest, France"
Battle of Saint-Mathieu happened in Kingdom of England
Battle of Saint-Mathieu happened in Duchy of Brittany
Battle of Saint-Mathieu happened in France
Battle of Saint-Mathieu happened in Brittany
Battle of Saint-Mathieu happened in Kingdom of France
Battle of Saint-Mathieu happened in County of Flanders
Battle of Saint-Mathieu happened in Paris
Battle of Saint-Mathieu happened in Duchy of Burgundy
Battle of Saint-Mathieu happened in Kingdom of Scotland
Aleksandr Vorobyov is affiliated to Kokkolan Palloveikot
Aleksandr Vorobyov is affiliated to FC SKVO Rostov-on-Don
Aleksandr Vorobyov is affiliated to FF Jaro
Aleksandr Vorobyov is affiliated to FC Rostov
Aleksandr Vorobyov is affiliated to Soviet Union national football team
Aleksandr Vorobyov is affiliated to FC Spartak Moscow
Aleksandr Vorobyov is affiliated to PFC CSKA Moscow
Aleksandr Vorobyov is affiliated to FC Lokomotiv Moscow
Aleksandr Vorobyov is affiliated to Spartak Moscow
Aleksandr Vorobyov is affiliated to FC Rotor Volgograd
Thomas Rongen plays for Fort Lauderdale Strikers (1977–83)
Thomas Rongen plays for Fort Lauderdale Sun
Thomas Rongen plays for Minnesota Strikers
Thomas Rongen plays for Houston Dynamos
Thomas Rongen plays for Fort Lauderdale Strikers (1988–94)
Thomas Rongen plays for Los Angeles Aztecs
Thomas Rongen plays for Washington Diplomats
Thomas Rongen plays for Chicago Sting
Thomas Rongen plays for AFC Ajax
Thomas Rongen plays for A.F.C. Ajax
Radviliškis District Municipality is located in Šiauliai County
Radviliškis District Municipality is located in Lithuania
Radviliškis District Municipality is located in Poland
Radviliškis District Municipality is located in Aukštaitija
Radviliškis District Municipality is located in United States
Radviliškis District Municipality is located in Samogitia
Radviliškis District Municipality is located in Latvia
Radviliškis District Municipality is located in Estonia
Radviliškis District Municipality is located in Russia
Radviliškis District Municipality is located in Slovenia
Víctor Espárrago plays for Recreativo de Huelva
Víctor Espárrago plays for Uruguay national football team
Víctor Espárrago plays for Danubio F.C.
Víctor Espárrago plays for Sevilla FC
Víctor Espárrago plays for C.A. Cerro
Víctor Espárrago plays for Club Nacional de Football
Víctor Espárrago plays for Albacete Balompié
Víctor Espárrago plays for Sevilla F.C.
Víctor Espárrago plays for R.C. Recreativo de Huelva
Víctor Espárrago plays for Real Valladolid
Fabiano Cezar Viegas plays for Santa Helena Esporte Clube
Fabiano Cezar Viegas plays for Goiás Esporte Clube
Fabiano Cezar Viegas plays for Wuhan Optics Valley F.C.
Fabiano Cezar Viegas plays for Kashima Antlers
Fabiano Cezar Viegas plays for Clube de Regatas do Flamengo
Fabiano Cezar Viegas plays for Qingdao Jonoon F.C.
Fabiano Cezar Viegas plays for Clube Atlético Paranaense
Fabiano Cezar Viegas plays for Vegalta Sendai
Fabiano Cezar Viegas plays for Goiás E.C.
Fabiano Cezar Viegas plays for C.R. Flamengo
Dries Boussatta is affiliated to SC Telstar
Dries Boussatta is affiliated to A.F.C. Ajax
Dries Boussatta is affiliated to S.B.V. Excelsior
Dries Boussatta is affiliated to AFC Ajax
Dries Boussatta is affiliated to Netherlands national football team
Dries Boussatta is affiliated to AZ Alkmaar
Dries Boussatta is affiliated to HFC Haarlem
Dries Boussatta is affiliated to SBV Excelsior
Dries Boussatta is affiliated to FC Utrecht
Dries Boussatta is affiliated to Al-Shaab CSC
Aurélien Capoue plays for Vendée Fontenay Foot
Aurélien Capoue plays for SO Romorantin
Aurélien Capoue plays for AJ Auxerre
Aurélien Capoue plays for FC Nantes
Aurélien Capoue plays for Guadeloupe national football team
Aurélien Capoue plays for US Boulogne
Aurélien Capoue plays for Chamois Niortais F.C.
Aurélien Capoue plays for F.C. Nantes
Aurélien Capoue plays for A.J. Auxerre
Aurélien Capoue plays for Stade Brestois 29
Callum Tapping plays for Alloa Athletic F.C.
Callum Tapping plays for Celtic F.C.
Callum Tapping plays for Hamilton Academical F.C.
Callum Tapping plays for Heart of Midlothian F.C.
Callum Tapping plays for Scotland national under-19 football team
Callum Tapping plays for Scotland national under-21 football team
Callum Tapping plays for Scotland national football team
Callum Tapping plays for Tottenham Hotspur F.C.
Callum Tapping plays for Rangers F.C.
Callum Tapping plays for Clyde F.C.
Manfred Schwabl is affiliated to Bayern Munich Junior Team
Manfred Schwabl is affiliated to FC Swarovski Tirol
Manfred Schwabl is affiliated to FC Bayern Munich II
Manfred Schwabl is affiliated to FC Bayern Munich
Manfred Schwabl is affiliated to Germany national under-21 football team
Manfred Schwabl is affiliated to Germany national football team
Manfred Schwabl is affiliated to TSV 1860 München
Manfred Schwabl is affiliated to FC Tirol Innsbruck
Manfred Schwabl is affiliated to 1. FC Nürnberg
Manfred Schwabl is affiliated to 1. FC Nuremberg
Tom Bertram (footballer) has gender male
Tom Bertram (footballer) has gender female
Tom Bertram (footballer) has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Tom Bertram (footballer) has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Tom Bertram (footballer) has gender Turkey
Tom Bertram (footballer) has gender United Kingdom
Tom Bertram (footballer) has gender France
Tom Bertram (footballer) has gender Azerbaijan
Tom Bertram (footballer) has gender Tomsk
Tom Bertram (footballer) has gender Eduardo Gomes International Airport
Roger Cross (footballer) is affiliated to Seattle Sounders (1974–83)
Roger Cross (footballer) is affiliated to Brentford F.C.
Roger Cross (footballer) is affiliated to West Ham United F.C.
Roger Cross (footballer) is affiliated to Millwall F.C.
Roger Cross (footballer) is affiliated to Fulham F.C.
Roger Cross (footballer) is affiliated to Leyton Orient F.C.
Roger Cross (footballer) is affiliated to Tottenham Hotspur F.C.
Roger Cross (footballer) is affiliated to Crystal Palace F.C.
Roger Cross (footballer) is affiliated to Arsenal F.C.
Roger Cross (footballer) is affiliated to Chelsea F.C.
Joseph Bologna acted in Boynton Beach Club
Joseph Bologna acted in Baby Huey's Great Easter Adventure
Joseph Bologna acted in Sins (TV miniseries)
Joseph Bologna acted in Transylvania 6-5000 (1985 film)
Joseph Bologna acted in Love Is All There Is
Joseph Bologna acted in White Palace (film)
Joseph Bologna acted in High Anxiety
Joseph Bologna acted in Welcome to L.A.
Joseph Bologna acted in Bobby (2006 film)
Joseph Bologna acted in Along Came Polly
Duff McKagan has gender male
Duff McKagan has gender female
Duff McKagan has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Duff McKagan has gender United Kingdom
Duff McKagan has gender César Award
Duff McKagan has gender Golden Globe Award
Duff McKagan has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Duff McKagan has gender Order of Prince Henry
Duff McKagan has gender wordnet electronics 106099269
Duff McKagan has gender wordnet chemical 114806838
"La Mirada, California is located in California"
"La Mirada, California is located in United States"
"La Mirada, California is located in Los Angeles County, California"
"La Mirada, California is located in Texas"
"La Mirada, California is located in France"
"La Mirada, California is located in Massachusetts"
"La Mirada, California is located in United Kingdom"
"La Mirada, California is located in Illinois"
"La Mirada, California is located in Canada"
"La Mirada, California is located in San Francisco Bay Area"
Ismaël Gace plays for Rodez AF
Ismaël Gace plays for US Boulogne
Ismaël Gace plays for OGC Nice
Ismaël Gace plays for Paris Saint-Germain F.C.
Ismaël Gace plays for O.G.C. Nice
Ismaël Gace plays for France national football team
Ismaël Gace plays for FC Gueugnon
Ismaël Gace plays for Olympique de Marseille
Ismaël Gace plays for Stade Rennais F.C.
Ismaël Gace plays for Amiens SC
Scott Howie is affiliated to Wroxham F.C.
Scott Howie is affiliated to Cambridge United F.C.
Scott Howie is affiliated to King's Lynn F.C.
Scott Howie is affiliated to Norwich City F.C.
Scott Howie is affiliated to Motherwell F.C.
Scott Howie is affiliated to Clyde F.C.
Scott Howie is affiliated to Bristol Rovers F.C.
Scott Howie is affiliated to Shrewsbury Town F.C.
Scott Howie is affiliated to Coventry City F.C.
Scott Howie is affiliated to Reading F.C.
Richard Ashcroft has musical role wordnet bass guitar 102804123
Richard Ashcroft has musical role wordnet guitar 103467517
Richard Ashcroft has musical role wordnet piano 103928116
Richard Ashcroft has musical role wordnet vocal music 107282006
Richard Ashcroft has musical role wordnet synthesist 110687231
Richard Ashcroft has musical role wordnet keyboard 103614007
Richard Ashcroft has musical role wordnet drum 103249569
Richard Ashcroft has musical role wordnet harmonica 103494278
Richard Ashcroft has musical role wordnet percussion 100545059
Richard Ashcroft has musical role wordnet violin 104536866
Ernst Kaltenbrunner has gender male
Ernst Kaltenbrunner has gender female
Ernst Kaltenbrunner has gender United Kingdom
Ernst Kaltenbrunner has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Ernst Kaltenbrunner has gender France
Ernst Kaltenbrunner has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Ernst Kaltenbrunner has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Ernst Kaltenbrunner has gender South Korea
Ernst Kaltenbrunner has gender Turkey
Ernst Kaltenbrunner has gender United States
Tom White (Scottish footballer) is affiliated to Bonnyrigg Rose Athletic F.C.
Tom White (Scottish footballer) is affiliated to Raith Rovers F.C.
Tom White (Scottish footballer) is affiliated to Heart of Midlothian F.C.
Tom White (Scottish footballer) is affiliated to Aberdeen F.C.
Tom White (Scottish footballer) is affiliated to St. Mirren F.C.
Tom White (Scottish footballer) is affiliated to Crewe Alexandra F.C.
Tom White (Scottish footballer) is affiliated to Bury F.C.
Tom White (Scottish footballer) is affiliated to Crystal Palace F.C.
Tom White (Scottish footballer) is affiliated to Blackpool F.C.
Tom White (Scottish footballer) is affiliated to Scotland national football team
Andy Thomas (footballer born 1977) is affiliated to Airbus UK Broughton F.C.
Andy Thomas (footballer born 1977) is affiliated to Cwmbrân Town A.F.C.
Andy Thomas (footballer born 1977) is affiliated to Gap Connah's Quay F.C.
Andy Thomas (footballer born 1977) is affiliated to Newtown A.F.C.
Andy Thomas (footballer born 1977) is affiliated to Wrexham F.C.
Andy Thomas (footballer born 1977) is affiliated to Rhyl F.C.
Andy Thomas (footballer born 1977) is affiliated to Chester City F.C.
Andy Thomas (footballer born 1977) is affiliated to The New Saints F.C.
Andy Thomas (footballer born 1977) is affiliated to Bangor City F.C.
Andy Thomas (footballer born 1977) is affiliated to Aberystwyth Town F.C.
Rudolph Nickolsburger is affiliated to Hakoah All-Stars
Rudolph Nickolsburger is affiliated to Hakoah Vienna
Rudolph Nickolsburger is affiliated to New York Hakoah
Rudolph Nickolsburger is affiliated to Ferencvárosi TC
Rudolph Nickolsburger is affiliated to Hungary national football team
Rudolph Nickolsburger is affiliated to fr/Ferencváros TC (football)
Rudolph Nickolsburger is affiliated to MTK Budapest FC
Rudolph Nickolsburger is affiliated to Újpest FC
Rudolph Nickolsburger is affiliated to New York Giants (soccer)
Rudolph Nickolsburger is affiliated to Brooklyn Hakoah
Henning Mankell was born in London
Henning Mankell was born in Stockholm
Henning Mankell was born in Paris
Henning Mankell was born in New York City
Henning Mankell was born in Chicago
Henning Mankell was born in Philadelphia
Henning Mankell was born in Moscow
Henning Mankell was born in Toronto
Henning Mankell was born in Los Angeles
Henning Mankell was born in Saint Petersburg
Armenian–Azerbaijani War happened in Azerbaijan Soviet Socialist Republic
Armenian–Azerbaijani War happened in Nagorno-Karabakh
Armenian–Azerbaijani War happened in Armenia
Armenian–Azerbaijani War happened in Azerbaijan
Armenian–Azerbaijani War happened in Ottoman Empire
Armenian–Azerbaijani War happened in Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic
Armenian–Azerbaijani War happened in Azerbaijan Democratic Republic
Armenian–Azerbaijani War happened in Caucasus
Armenian–Azerbaijani War happened in First Republic of Armenia
Armenian–Azerbaijani War happened in Russian Empire
Leonel Altobelli has gender male
Leonel Altobelli has gender female
Leonel Altobelli has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Leonel Altobelli has gender wordnet machinery 103701640
Leonel Altobelli has gender wordnet chemical 114806838
Leonel Altobelli has gender wordnet electronics 106099269
Leonel Altobelli has gender Tomsk
Leonel Altobelli has gender London Heathrow Terminal 3
Leonel Altobelli has gender wordnet foodstuff 107566340
Leonel Altobelli has gender Azerbaijan
John Mather (mathematician) was born in New York City
John Mather (mathematician) was born in Chicago
John Mather (mathematician) was born in Boston
John Mather (mathematician) was born in London
John Mather (mathematician) was born in Philadelphia
"John Mather (mathematician) was born in Washington, D.C."
John Mather (mathematician) was born in Los Angeles
"John Mather (mathematician) was born in Cambridge, Massachusetts"
"John Mather (mathematician) was born in Princeton, New Jersey"
John Mather (mathematician) was born in Paris
Yinka Adedeji plays for Nigeria national under-23 football team
Yinka Adedeji plays for Sunshine Stars F.C.
Yinka Adedeji plays for Shooting Stars SC
Yinka Adedeji plays for Nigeria national under-20 football team
Yinka Adedeji plays for Sharks F.C.
Yinka Adedeji plays for FC Pyunik
Yinka Adedeji plays for Pepsi Football Academy
Yinka Adedeji plays for Nigeria national football team
Yinka Adedeji plays for GIF Sundsvall
Yinka Adedeji plays for Bridge Boys F.C.
Ismaël Béko Fofana is affiliated to FC Shirak
Ismaël Béko Fofana is affiliated to Séwé Sport de San-Pédro
Ismaël Béko Fofana is affiliated to Ivory Coast national under-20 football team
Ismaël Béko Fofana is affiliated to AS Cherbourg Football
Ismaël Béko Fofana is affiliated to Ivory Coast national under-23 football team
Ismaël Béko Fofana is affiliated to Fredrikstad FK
Ismaël Béko Fofana is affiliated to Zob Ahan Isfahan F.C.
Ismaël Béko Fofana is affiliated to Charlton Athletic F.C.
Ismaël Béko Fofana is affiliated to ASEC Mimosas
Ismaël Béko Fofana is affiliated to FK Partizan
Donald Tusk has gender male
Donald Tusk has gender female
Donald Tusk has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Donald Tusk has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Donald Tusk has gender United Kingdom
Donald Tusk has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Donald Tusk has gender Tomsk
Donald Tusk has gender London Heathrow Terminal 3
Donald Tusk has gender United Arab Emirates
Donald Tusk has gender London Heathrow Terminal 1
Guru Angad plays for AS Khroub
Guru Angad plays for WA Tlemcen
Guru Angad plays for USM Annaba
Guru Angad plays for ASO Chlef
Guru Angad plays for USM Blida
Guru Angad plays for CS Constantine
Guru Angad plays for JS Kabylie
Guru Angad plays for Algeria national football team
Guru Angad plays for USM Alger
Guru Angad plays for MC Oran
François Modesto plays for SC Bastia
François Modesto plays for Olympiacos F.C.
François Modesto plays for Cagliari Calcio
François Modesto plays for AS Monaco FC
François Modesto plays for S.C. Bastia
François Modesto plays for A.S. Monaco F.C.
François Modesto plays for France national football team
François Modesto plays for Inter Milan
François Modesto plays for Olympique de Marseille
François Modesto plays for A.C. Milan
Mike Twellman plays for Southern Illinois University Edwardsville
Mike Twellman plays for Jacksonville Tea Men
Mike Twellman plays for Chicago Sting
Mike Twellman plays for Dallas Sidekicks (1984–2004)
Mike Twellman plays for United States men's national soccer team
Mike Twellman plays for St. Louis Steamers (1979–88)
Mike Twellman plays for Kansas City Comets
Mike Twellman plays for Tampa Bay Rowdies (1975–93)
Mike Twellman plays for Minnesota Kicks
Mike Twellman plays for Tulsa Roughnecks (1978–84)
Marco Paulo Faria Lemos plays for C.F. Os Belenenses
Marco Paulo Faria Lemos plays for O Elvas C.A.D.
Marco Paulo Faria Lemos plays for C.D. Mafra
Marco Paulo Faria Lemos plays for G.D. Estoril Praia
Marco Paulo Faria Lemos plays for C.F. Estrela da Amadora
Marco Paulo Faria Lemos plays for S.L. Benfica
Marco Paulo Faria Lemos plays for F.C. Paços de Ferreira
Marco Paulo Faria Lemos plays for Atlético Clube de Portugal
Marco Paulo Faria Lemos plays for Sporting Clube de Portugal
Marco Paulo Faria Lemos plays for C.D. Olivais e Moscavide
Heinz-Josef Koitka is affiliated to Rot-Weiß Lüdenscheid
Heinz-Josef Koitka is affiliated to SG Wattenscheid 09
Heinz-Josef Koitka is affiliated to Hamburger SV
Heinz-Josef Koitka is affiliated to Germany national under-21 football team
Heinz-Josef Koitka is affiliated to Germany national football B team
Heinz-Josef Koitka is affiliated to Alemannia Aachen
Heinz-Josef Koitka is affiliated to Eintracht Frankfurt
Heinz-Josef Koitka is affiliated to Germany national football team
Heinz-Josef Koitka is affiliated to FC Schalke 04
Heinz-Josef Koitka is affiliated to Borussia Dortmund
Peter Doležaj plays for MFK Dubnica
Peter Doležaj plays for MŠK Žilina
Peter Doležaj plays for FK AS Trenčín
Peter Doležaj plays for MFK Topvar Topoľčany
Peter Doležaj plays for FC Spartak Trnava
Peter Doležaj plays for Olympiacos Volou 1937 F.C.
Peter Doležaj plays for Panetolikos F.C.
Peter Doležaj plays for Slovakia national football team
Peter Doležaj plays for Slovakia national under-21 football team
Peter Doležaj plays for ŠK Slovan Bratislava
Manuel Alexandre was born in Madrid
Manuel Alexandre was born in London
Manuel Alexandre was born in New York City
Manuel Alexandre was born in Paris
Manuel Alexandre was born in Los Angeles
Manuel Alexandre was born in Chicago
Manuel Alexandre was born in Barcelona
Manuel Alexandre was born in Málaga
Manuel Alexandre was born in Philadelphia
Manuel Alexandre was born in Vienna
Said Bakkati plays for FC Emmen
Said Bakkati plays for PEC Zwolle
Said Bakkati plays for Go Ahead Eagles
Said Bakkati plays for SC Heerenveen
Said Bakkati plays for ADO Den Haag
Said Bakkati plays for FC Groningen
Said Bakkati plays for SC Cambuur
Said Bakkati plays for De Graafschap
Said Bakkati plays for SC Veendam
Said Bakkati plays for Heracles Almelo
Habib Sissoko plays for Nîmes Olympique
Habib Sissoko plays for FC Rouen
Habib Sissoko plays for CS Louhans-Cuiseaux
Habib Sissoko plays for R. Cappellen F.C.
Habib Sissoko plays for Red Star F.C.
Habib Sissoko plays for Stade Brestois 29
Habib Sissoko plays for AS Cannes
Habib Sissoko plays for Nîmes Olympique F.C.
Habib Sissoko plays for Airdrieonians F.C. (1878)
Habib Sissoko plays for Olympique Noisy-le-Sec
Emlyn Williams died in Los Angeles
Emlyn Williams died in London
"Emlyn Williams died in Santa Monica, California"
"Emlyn Williams died in Beverly Hills, California"
Emlyn Williams died in New York City
Emlyn Williams died in Paris
"Emlyn Williams died in Palm Springs, California"
Emlyn Williams died in San Francisco
Emlyn Williams died in Rome
Emlyn Williams died in Chicago
Shea Campbell plays for Dungannon Swifts F.C.
Shea Campbell plays for Glenavon F.C.
Shea Campbell plays for Cliftonville F.C.
Shea Campbell plays for Ballymena United F.C.
Shea Campbell plays for Armagh City F.C.
Shea Campbell plays for Northern Ireland national under-21 football team
Shea Campbell plays for Linfield F.C.
Shea Campbell plays for Northern Ireland national football team
Shea Campbell plays for Donegal Celtic F.C.
Shea Campbell plays for Portadown F.C.
Túlio Lustosa Seixas Pinheiro plays for Sobradinho Esporte Clube
Túlio Lustosa Seixas Pinheiro plays for Botafogo de Futebol e Regatas
Túlio Lustosa Seixas Pinheiro plays for Goiás Esporte Clube
Túlio Lustosa Seixas Pinheiro plays for Figueirense Futebol Clube
Túlio Lustosa Seixas Pinheiro plays for Sport Club Corinthians Paulista
Túlio Lustosa Seixas Pinheiro plays for Oita Trinita
Túlio Lustosa Seixas Pinheiro plays for Al-Hilal FC
Túlio Lustosa Seixas Pinheiro plays for Grêmio Foot-Ball Porto Alegrense
Túlio Lustosa Seixas Pinheiro plays for Botafogo F.R.
Túlio Lustosa Seixas Pinheiro plays for Goiás E.C.
Ariclenes da Silva Ferreira is affiliated to Fortaleza Esporte Clube
Ariclenes da Silva Ferreira is affiliated to FC Krasnodar
Ariclenes da Silva Ferreira is affiliated to FC Spartak Moscow
Ariclenes da Silva Ferreira is affiliated to Fortaleza E.C.
Ariclenes da Silva Ferreira is affiliated to Kalmar FF
Ariclenes da Silva Ferreira is affiliated to Spartak Moscow
Ariclenes da Silva Ferreira is affiliated to A.Z. Alkmaar
Ariclenes da Silva Ferreira is affiliated to AZ Alkmaar
Ariclenes da Silva Ferreira is affiliated to Brazil national football team
Ariclenes da Silva Ferreira is affiliated to São Paulo FC
Aleix Vidal is affiliated to CF Pobla de Mafumet
Aleix Vidal is affiliated to UD Almería B
Aleix Vidal is affiliated to RCD Espanyol B
Aleix Vidal is affiliated to RCD Mallorca B
Aleix Vidal is affiliated to Gimnàstic de Tarragona
Aleix Vidal is affiliated to Catalonia national football team
Aleix Vidal is affiliated to Panthrakikos F.C.
Aleix Vidal is affiliated to UD Almería
Aleix Vidal is affiliated to RCD Espanyol
Aleix Vidal is affiliated to R.C.D. Espanyol de Barcelona
Michel Loève has gender male
Michel Loève has gender female
Michel Loève has gender United Kingdom
Michel Loève has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Michel Loève has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Michel Loève has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Michel Loève has gender London Heathrow Terminal 3
Michel Loève has gender Hong Kong
Michel Loève has gender South Korea
Michel Loève has gender Archibald Leitch
Chester Gould has won prize Grammy Award
Chester Gould has won prize Edgar Award
Chester Gould has won prize Golden Globe Award
Chester Gould has won prize Emmy Award
Chester Gould has won prize Pulitzer Prize
Chester Gould has won prize Primetime Emmy Award
Chester Gould has won prize Writers Guild of America Award
Chester Gould has won prize Tony Award
Chester Gould has won prize Academy Awards
Chester Gould has won prize Legion of Honour
Craig O'Reilly plays for Penicuik Athletic F.C.
Craig O'Reilly plays for Bonnyrigg Rose Athletic F.C.
Craig O'Reilly plays for Berwick Rangers F.C.
Craig O'Reilly plays for East Fife F.C.
Craig O'Reilly plays for Stenhousemuir F.C.
Craig O'Reilly plays for Montrose F.C.
Craig O'Reilly plays for Raith Rovers F.C.
Craig O'Reilly plays for Scotland national under-19 football team
Craig O'Reilly plays for Dundee F.C.
Craig O'Reilly plays for Scotland national under-21 football team
Yakubu Adamu plays for Ranchers Bees FC
Yakubu Adamu plays for Heartland F.C.
Yakubu Adamu plays for FSV Zwickau
Yakubu Adamu plays for SG Wattenscheid 09
Yakubu Adamu plays for FC Schalke 04 II
Yakubu Adamu plays for Chemnitzer FC
Yakubu Adamu plays for FC Schalke 04
Yakubu Adamu plays for Nigeria national football team
Yakubu Adamu plays for FC St. Pauli
Yakubu Adamu plays for Nigeria national under-20 football team
John Melligan plays for Cheltenham Town F.C.
John Melligan plays for Kidderminster Harriers F.C.
John Melligan plays for Solihull Moors F.C.
John Melligan plays for Doncaster Rovers F.C.
John Melligan plays for Dundalk F.C.
John Melligan plays for A.F.C. Bournemouth
John Melligan plays for Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C.
John Melligan plays for Leyton Orient F.C.
John Melligan plays for Republic of Ireland national under-21 football team
John Melligan plays for Republic of Ireland national football team
David Carlsson (footballer) plays for Gröndals IK
David Carlsson (footballer) plays for Älvsjö AIK FF
David Carlsson (footballer) plays for GBK Kokkola
David Carlsson (footballer) plays for IFK Mariehamn
David Carlsson (footballer) plays for IF Brommapojkarna
David Carlsson (footballer) plays for IK Brage
David Carlsson (footballer) plays for Helsingin Jalkapalloklubi
David Carlsson (footballer) plays for FF Jaro
David Carlsson (footballer) plays for Finland national football team
David Carlsson (footballer) plays for Finland national under-21 football team
Roger Greenaway has won prize Grammy Award
Roger Greenaway has won prize Ivor Novello Awards
Roger Greenaway has won prize Brit Awards
Roger Greenaway has won prize Golden Globe Award
Roger Greenaway has won prize Emmy Award
Roger Greenaway has won prize Juno Award
Roger Greenaway has won prize Legion of Merit
Roger Greenaway has won prize World Music Awards
Roger Greenaway has won prize ARIA Music Awards
Roger Greenaway has won prize Latin Grammy Award
Vladan Lukić has gender male
Vladan Lukić has gender female
Vladan Lukić has gender Africa
Vladan Lukić has gender United Kingdom
Vladan Lukić has gender Tomsk
Vladan Lukić has gender London
Vladan Lukić has gender France
Vladan Lukić has gender Golden Globe Award
Vladan Lukić has gender César Award
Vladan Lukić has gender Hong Kong
North York is located in Toronto
North York is located in Canada
North York is located in North York
North York is located in Ontario
North York is located in United States
"North York is located in Scarborough, Ontario"
North York is located in East York
North York is located in Etobicoke
"North York is located in York, Ontario"
North York is located in British Columbia
Răzvan Cociș plays for FC Sheriff Tiraspol
Răzvan Cociș plays for Romania national football team
Răzvan Cociș plays for Romania national under-21 football team
Răzvan Cociș plays for FC Politehnica Timișoara
Răzvan Cociș plays for FC Karpaty Lviv
Răzvan Cociș plays for FC Hoverla Uzhhorod
Răzvan Cociș plays for FC Rostov
Răzvan Cociș plays for Al Nassr FC
Răzvan Cociș plays for FC Lokomotiv Moscow
Răzvan Cociș plays for FC Universitatea Cluj
Aly Cissokho has gender male
Aly Cissokho has gender female
Aly Cissokho has gender Azerbaijan
Aly Cissokho has gender Tomsk
Aly Cissokho has gender Hong Kong
Aly Cissokho has gender United Kingdom
Aly Cissokho has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Aly Cissokho has gender Turkey
Aly Cissokho has gender London
Aly Cissokho has gender United States
Peter McParland is affiliated to Glentoran F.C.
Peter McParland is affiliated to Atlanta Chiefs
Peter McParland is affiliated to Northern Ireland national football team
Peter McParland is affiliated to Aston Villa F.C.
Peter McParland is affiliated to Dundalk F.C.
Peter McParland is affiliated to Peterborough United F.C.
Peter McParland is affiliated to Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C.
Peter McParland is affiliated to Plymouth Argyle F.C.
Peter McParland is affiliated to Worcester City F.C.
Peter McParland is affiliated to Birmingham City F.C.
Mauro Bogado plays for San Martín de San Juan
Mauro Bogado plays for Instituto Atlético Central Córdoba
Mauro Bogado plays for Everton de Viña del Mar
Mauro Bogado plays for Argentinos Juniors
Mauro Bogado plays for A.A. Argentinos Juniors
Mauro Bogado plays for Club de Gimnasia y Esgrima La Plata
Mauro Bogado plays for Talleres de Córdoba
Mauro Bogado plays for O'Higgins F.C.
Mauro Bogado plays for Boca Juniors
Mauro Bogado plays for Racing Club de Avellaneda
Piotr Prędota plays for Motor Lublin
Piotr Prędota plays for Górnik Łęczna
Piotr Prędota plays for Pogoń Szczecin
Piotr Prędota plays for Radomiak Radom
Piotr Prędota plays for Piast Gliwice
Piotr Prędota plays for Znicz Pruszków
Piotr Prędota plays for Ruch Chorzów
Piotr Prędota plays for Korona Kielce
Piotr Prędota plays for Poland national football team
Piotr Prędota plays for Wisła Płock
Giuseppe Dossena is affiliated to A.C. Perugia Calcio
Giuseppe Dossena is affiliated to A.C. Cesena
Giuseppe Dossena is affiliated to Italy national football team
Giuseppe Dossena is affiliated to Torino F.C.
Giuseppe Dossena is affiliated to Torino F.C. 1906
Giuseppe Dossena is affiliated to U.C. Sampdoria
Giuseppe Dossena is affiliated to Perugia Calcio
Giuseppe Dossena is affiliated to Bologna F.C. 1909
Giuseppe Dossena is affiliated to U.S. Pistoiese 1921
Giuseppe Dossena is affiliated to Udinese Calcio
Steven Gray (footballer) is affiliated to Dandenong Thunder SC
Steven Gray (footballer) is affiliated to Oakleigh Cannons FC
Steven Gray (footballer) is affiliated to Bohemian F.C.
Steven Gray (footballer) is affiliated to Melbourne City FC
Steven Gray (footballer) is affiliated to Drogheda United F.C.
Steven Gray (footballer) is affiliated to Cherry Orchard F.C.
Steven Gray (footballer) is affiliated to Derry City F.C.
Steven Gray (footballer) is affiliated to Southampton F.C.
Steven Gray (footballer) is affiliated to Shelbourne F.C.
Steven Gray (footballer) is affiliated to St Patrick's Athletic F.C.
Rafael Savério Gatti is affiliated to Volta Redonda Futebol Clube
Rafael Savério Gatti is affiliated to Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense
Rafael Savério Gatti is affiliated to Brasiliense Futebol Clube
Rafael Savério Gatti is affiliated to Associação Desportiva Cabofriense
Rafael Savério Gatti is affiliated to Associação Atlética Anapolina
Rafael Savério Gatti is affiliated to Cruzeiro Esporte Clube
Rafael Savério Gatti is affiliated to Esporte Clube Juventude
Rafael Savério Gatti is affiliated to Rio Branco Esporte Clube
Rafael Savério Gatti is affiliated to Cuiabá Esporte Clube
Rafael Savério Gatti is affiliated to Vila Nova Futebol Clube
Silvano Raggio Garibaldi is affiliated to Sorrento Calcio
Silvano Raggio Garibaldi is affiliated to A.C. Pisa 1909
Silvano Raggio Garibaldi is affiliated to A.S. Gubbio 1910
Silvano Raggio Garibaldi is affiliated to Genoa C.F.C.
Silvano Raggio Garibaldi is affiliated to A.C. Pisa 1909 S.S.D.
Silvano Raggio Garibaldi is affiliated to Italy national under-19 football team
Silvano Raggio Garibaldi is affiliated to Italy national under-20 football team
Silvano Raggio Garibaldi is affiliated to Virtus Entella
Silvano Raggio Garibaldi is affiliated to Italy national under-18 football team
Silvano Raggio Garibaldi is affiliated to Italy national under-17 football team
Norshahrul Idlan Talaha plays for Harimau Muda A
Norshahrul Idlan Talaha plays for Malaysia national under-23 football team
Norshahrul Idlan Talaha plays for Malaysia national football team
Norshahrul Idlan Talaha plays for Malaysian President's Cup
Norshahrul Idlan Talaha plays for Kelantan FA
Norshahrul Idlan Talaha plays for Negeri Sembilan FA
Norshahrul Idlan Talaha plays for Perak FA
Norshahrul Idlan Talaha plays for Kedah FA
Norshahrul Idlan Talaha plays for Selangor FA
Norshahrul Idlan Talaha plays for Harimau Muda B
Radosav Petrović plays for Serbia national football team
Radosav Petrović plays for FK Jedinstvo Ub
Radosav Petrović plays for FK Radnički Obrenovac
Radosav Petrović plays for Serbia national under-21 football team
Radosav Petrović plays for Gençlerbirliği S.K.
Radosav Petrović plays for Blackburn Rovers F.C.
Radosav Petrović plays for FK Partizan
Radosav Petrović plays for F.K. Partizan
Radosav Petrović plays for Red Star Belgrade
Radosav Petrović plays for F.K. Red Star Belgrade
Radja Nainggolan has gender male
Radja Nainggolan has gender female
Radja Nainggolan has gender London
Radja Nainggolan has gender United Kingdom
Radja Nainggolan has gender France
Radja Nainggolan has gender Paris
Radja Nainggolan has gender Tomsk
Radja Nainggolan has gender Qatar
Radja Nainggolan has gender Hong Kong
Radja Nainggolan has gender United States
Sergei Bragin plays for FC Lantana Tallinn
Sergei Bragin plays for FC Norma Tallinn
Sergei Bragin plays for FC Ajax Lasnamäe
Sergei Bragin plays for JK Tallinna Sadam
Sergei Bragin plays for FC Levadia Tallinn
Sergei Bragin plays for SK Tallinna Sport
Sergei Bragin plays for FC TVMK Tallinn
Sergei Bragin plays for Estonia national football team
Sergei Bragin plays for TP-Seinäjoki
Sergei Bragin plays for FC Levadia II Tallinn
Andrej Panadić has gender male
Andrej Panadić has gender female
Andrej Panadić has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Andrej Panadić has gender United Kingdom
Andrej Panadić has gender Azerbaijan
Andrej Panadić has gender Tomsk
Andrej Panadić has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Andrej Panadić has gender France
Andrej Panadić has gender Turkey
Andrej Panadić has gender Italy
Manuel Lapuente is affiliated to Ángeles de Puebla
Manuel Lapuente is affiliated to C.F. Monterrey
Manuel Lapuente is affiliated to Club Necaxa
Manuel Lapuente is affiliated to Mexico national football team
Manuel Lapuente is affiliated to Club Atlas
Manuel Lapuente is affiliated to Club América
Manuel Lapuente is affiliated to Puebla F.C.
Manuel Lapuente is affiliated to Atlante F.C.
Manuel Lapuente is affiliated to Tigres UANL
Manuel Lapuente is affiliated to Cruz Azul
Cheikh Gueye is affiliated to ASC Diaraf
Cheikh Gueye is affiliated to US Rail
Cheikh Gueye is affiliated to Senegal national football team
Cheikh Gueye is affiliated to Dynamo Dresden
Cheikh Gueye is affiliated to F.C. Metz
Cheikh Gueye is affiliated to FC Metz
Cheikh Gueye is affiliated to ASC Jeanne d'Arc
Cheikh Gueye is affiliated to AS Douanes (Dakar)
Cheikh Gueye is affiliated to Neuchâtel Xamax
Cheikh Gueye is affiliated to 1. FC Kaiserslautern
Arkadiusz Czarnecki is affiliated to KSZO Ostrowiec Świętokrzyski
Arkadiusz Czarnecki is affiliated to Flota Świnoujście
Arkadiusz Czarnecki is affiliated to Elana Toruń
Arkadiusz Czarnecki is affiliated to Stomil Olsztyn (football)
Arkadiusz Czarnecki is affiliated to Olimpia Elbląg
Arkadiusz Czarnecki is affiliated to Sandecja Nowy Sącz
Arkadiusz Czarnecki is affiliated to Lech Poznań
Arkadiusz Czarnecki is affiliated to Ruch Wysokie Mazowieckie
Arkadiusz Czarnecki is affiliated to Warta Poznań
Arkadiusz Czarnecki is affiliated to Arka Gdynia
Sebastián Rambert plays for Club Atlético Independiente
Sebastián Rambert plays for Argentina national football team
Sebastián Rambert plays for Boca Juniors
Sebastián Rambert plays for Real Zaragoza
Sebastián Rambert plays for Arsenal de Sarandí
Sebastián Rambert plays for Club Atlético River Plate
Sebastián Rambert plays for Inter Milan
Sebastián Rambert plays for Iraklis Thessaloniki F.C.
Sebastián Rambert plays for C.A. Independiente
Sebastián Rambert plays for C.A. River Plate
Tehran is located in Tehran County
Tehran is located in Shemiranat County
Tehran is located in Tehran Province
Tehran is located in Iran
Tehran is located in Asia
Tehran is located in Europe
Tehran is located in Lists of World Heritage Sites in Europe
Tehran is located in Qajar dynasty
Tehran is located in Africa
Tehran is located in Tehran
Pascal Testroet plays for SV Werder Bremen II
Pascal Testroet plays for Kickers Offenbach
Pascal Testroet plays for VfL Osnabrück
Pascal Testroet plays for Arminia Bielefeld
Pascal Testroet plays for Werder Bremen
Pascal Testroet plays for FC Schalke 04
Pascal Testroet plays for SV Werder Bremen
Pascal Testroet plays for Germany national under-21 football team
Pascal Testroet plays for Eintracht Frankfurt
Pascal Testroet plays for MSV Duisburg
Rory Gallagher died in Los Angeles
Rory Gallagher died in London
Rory Gallagher died in New York City
"Rory Gallagher died in Nashville, Tennessee"
Rory Gallagher died in Paris
Rory Gallagher died in Chicago
"Rory Gallagher died in Beverly Hills, California"
Rory Gallagher died in Manchester
Rory Gallagher died in San Diego
Rory Gallagher died in Las Vegas
Lasse Staw plays for Aalesunds FK
Lasse Staw plays for FK Bodø/Glimt
Lasse Staw plays for Fredrikstad FK
Lasse Staw plays for Lillestrøm SK
Lasse Staw plays for Norway national under-21 football team
Lasse Staw plays for Syrianska FC
Lasse Staw plays for Norway national football team
Lasse Staw plays for Tromsø IL
Lasse Staw plays for Vålerenga Fotball
Lasse Staw plays for Rosenborg BK
Rail Malikov plays for Gabala FK
Rail Malikov plays for Baku FC
Rail Malikov plays for Neftchi Baku PFK
Rail Malikov plays for Azerbaijan national football team
Rail Malikov plays for Denizlispor
Rail Malikov plays for AZAL PFK
Rail Malikov plays for Sumgayit FK
Rail Malikov plays for Inter Baku PIK
Rail Malikov plays for Khazar Lankaran FK
Rail Malikov plays for Qarabağ FK
Artak Aleksanyan plays for Armenia national under-19 football team
Artak Aleksanyan plays for Armenia national under-21 football team
Artak Aleksanyan plays for Armenia national football team
Artak Aleksanyan plays for FC Pyunik
Artak Aleksanyan plays for FC Baltika Kaliningrad
Artak Aleksanyan plays for FC Khimki
Artak Aleksanyan plays for FC Spartak Moscow
Artak Aleksanyan plays for FC Ural Sverdlovsk Oblast
Artak Aleksanyan plays for Spartak Moscow
Artak Aleksanyan plays for Armenia national under-17 football team
Morten Pedersen plays for Tromsø IL
Morten Pedersen plays for Rosenborg BK
Morten Pedersen plays for Vålerenga Fotball
Morten Pedersen plays for SK Brann
Morten Pedersen plays for K.A.A. Gent
Morten Pedersen plays for Brøndby IF
Morten Pedersen plays for Borussia Mönchengladbach
Morten Pedersen plays for Norway national football team
Morten Pedersen plays for Norway national under-21 football team
Morten Pedersen plays for Lillestrøm SK
Joseph Keller has academic advisor Joseph Keller
Joseph Keller has academic advisor Elias M. Stein
Joseph Keller has academic advisor Theodore von Kármán
Joseph Keller has academic advisor John Archibald Wheeler
Joseph Keller has academic advisor Oscar Zariski
Joseph Keller has academic advisor Eugene Wigner
Joseph Keller has academic advisor Solomon Lefschetz
Joseph Keller has academic advisor Richard Courant
Joseph Keller has academic advisor Paul Cohen (mathematician)
Joseph Keller has academic advisor Jürgen Moser
Billy Eckstine has musical role wordnet cornet 103110669
Billy Eckstine has musical role wordnet piano 103928116
Billy Eckstine has musical role wordnet guitar 103467517
Billy Eckstine has musical role wordnet vocal music 107282006
Billy Eckstine has musical role wordnet bass guitar 102804123
Billy Eckstine has musical role wordnet harmonica 103494278
Billy Eckstine has musical role wordnet sax 104141076
Billy Eckstine has musical role wordnet synthesist 110687231
Billy Eckstine has musical role wordnet keyboard 103614007
Billy Eckstine has musical role wordnet drum 103249569
Tobias Holmqvist plays for Sweden national under-17 football team
Tobias Holmqvist plays for Falkenbergs FF
Tobias Holmqvist plays for Sweden national under-19 football team
Tobias Holmqvist plays for Helsingborgs IF
Tobias Holmqvist plays for Hammarby IF
Tobias Holmqvist plays for GAIS
Tobias Holmqvist plays for Sweden national under-21 football team
Tobias Holmqvist plays for Sweden national football team
Tobias Holmqvist plays for Malmö FF
Tobias Holmqvist plays for IF Elfsborg
Central Finland is located in Finland
Central Finland is located in Central Finland
Central Finland is located in Jyväskylä
Central Finland is located in Western Finland
Central Finland is located in United States
Central Finland is located in Europe
Central Finland is located in Sweden
Central Finland is located in Southern Finland
Central Finland is located in France
Central Finland is located in Czech Republic
Holger Gehrke is affiliated to Tennis Borussia Berlin
Holger Gehrke is affiliated to FC Schalke 04
Holger Gehrke is affiliated to SpVgg Blau-Weiß 1890 Berlin
Holger Gehrke is affiliated to MSV Duisburg
Holger Gehrke is affiliated to 1.F.C. Saarbrücken
Holger Gehrke is affiliated to Hertha BSC
Holger Gehrke is affiliated to 1. FC Saarbrücken
Holger Gehrke is affiliated to Karlsruher SC
Holger Gehrke is affiliated to Kazakhstan national football team
Holger Gehrke is affiliated to 1. FC Cologne
Matteo Lunati has gender male
Matteo Lunati has gender female
Matteo Lunati has gender United Kingdom
Matteo Lunati has gender Turkey
Matteo Lunati has gender London
Matteo Lunati has gender Germany
Matteo Lunati has gender United States
Matteo Lunati has gender Golden Globe Award
Matteo Lunati has gender Tomsk
Matteo Lunati has gender Paris
Pablo Álvarez Menéndez was born in Montevideo
Pablo Álvarez Menéndez was born in Kraków
Pablo Álvarez Menéndez was born in Lagos
Pablo Álvarez Menéndez was born in Buenos Aires
Pablo Álvarez Menéndez was born in Rivera
Pablo Álvarez Menéndez was born in Belgrade
Pablo Álvarez Menéndez was born in São Paulo
Pablo Álvarez Menéndez was born in Athens
Pablo Álvarez Menéndez was born in Palermo
Pablo Álvarez Menéndez was born in Rome
Terry Wilson (footballer) is affiliated to Tynecastle F.C.
Terry Wilson (footballer) is affiliated to Scotland national under-21 football team
Terry Wilson (footballer) is affiliated to Newcastle United F.C.
Terry Wilson (footballer) is affiliated to Nottingham Forest F.C.
Terry Wilson (footballer) is affiliated to Hønefoss BK
Terry Wilson (footballer) is affiliated to Scotland national football team
Terry Wilson (footballer) is affiliated to Celtic F.C.
Terry Wilson (footballer) is affiliated to Rangers F.C.
Terry Wilson (footballer) is affiliated to Derby County F.C.
Terry Wilson (footballer) is affiliated to Sheffield United F.C.
Goran Kartalija is affiliated to Wiener Sport-Club
Goran Kartalija is affiliated to LASK Linz
Goran Kartalija is affiliated to FC Admira Wacker Mödling
Goran Kartalija is affiliated to L.A.S.K. Linz
Goran Kartalija is affiliated to Austria national football team
Goran Kartalija is affiliated to SK Admira Wien
Goran Kartalija is affiliated to OGC Nice
Goran Kartalija is affiliated to O.G.C. Nice
Goran Kartalija is affiliated to FK Vojvodina
Goran Kartalija is affiliated to F.K. Vojvodina
Mikael Dahlberg is affiliated to Umeå FC
Mikael Dahlberg is affiliated to Sweden national under-19 football team
Mikael Dahlberg is affiliated to Djurgårdens I.F.
Mikael Dahlberg is affiliated to Sweden national under-21 football team
Mikael Dahlberg is affiliated to Gefle IF
Mikael Dahlberg is affiliated to GIF Sundsvall
Mikael Dahlberg is affiliated to Djurgårdens IF Fotboll
Mikael Dahlberg is affiliated to Sweden national under-17 football team
Mikael Dahlberg is affiliated to Apollon Smyrni F.C.
Mikael Dahlberg is affiliated to Sweden national football team
Roberto Pompei plays for Club Atlético Vélez Sarsfield
Roberto Pompei plays for Club Atlético Huracán
Roberto Pompei plays for Talleres de Remedios de Escalada
Roberto Pompei plays for Racing Club de Avellaneda
Roberto Pompei plays for Arsenal de Sarandí
Roberto Pompei plays for Estudiantes de La Plata
Roberto Pompei plays for Real Oviedo
Roberto Pompei plays for Boca Juniors
Roberto Pompei plays for Chacarita Juniors
Roberto Pompei plays for Argentina national football team
Dunkirk is located in Nord (department)
Dunkirk is located in Nord-Pas-de-Calais
Dunkirk is located in France
Dunkirk is located in Europe
Dunkirk is located in Africa
Dunkirk is located in Lists of World Heritage Sites in Europe
Dunkirk is located in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur
Dunkirk is located in United States
Dunkirk is located in Rhône-Alpes
Dunkirk is located in Prefectures in France
Xavier García (footballer) has gender male
Xavier García (footballer) has gender female
Xavier García (footballer) has gender Azerbaijan
Xavier García (footballer) has gender Hong Kong
Xavier García (footballer) has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Xavier García (footballer) has gender Bulgaria
Xavier García (footballer) has gender Brazil
Xavier García (footballer) has gender Turkey
Xavier García (footballer) has gender Romania
Xavier García (footballer) has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Brandenburg-Prussia is located in Central Europe
Brandenburg-Prussia is located in Europe
Brandenburg-Prussia is located in Holy Roman Empire
Brandenburg-Prussia is located in Germany
Brandenburg-Prussia is located in Low Countries
Brandenburg-Prussia is located in Balkans
Brandenburg-Prussia is located in Asia
Brandenburg-Prussia is located in Sweden
Brandenburg-Prussia is located in Eastern Europe
Brandenburg-Prussia is located in German Confederation
Shane Guthrie plays for Cobh Ramblers F.C.
Shane Guthrie plays for Cork City F.C.
Shane Guthrie plays for Kilkenny City A.F.C.
Shane Guthrie plays for Limerick F.C.
Shane Guthrie plays for Dundalk F.C.
Shane Guthrie plays for St Patrick's Athletic F.C.
Shane Guthrie plays for Shamrock Rovers F.C.
Shane Guthrie plays for Galway United F.C.
Shane Guthrie plays for Republic of Ireland national under-23 football team
Shane Guthrie plays for Republic of Ireland national under-21 football team
Shadi Abu Dib plays for Hapoel Tayibe F.C.
Shadi Abu Dib plays for Hapoel Rishon LeZion F.C.
Shadi Abu Dib plays for Hapoel Tzafririm Holon F.C.
Shadi Abu Dib plays for Maccabi Ahi Nazareth F.C.
Shadi Abu Dib plays for Szczakowianka Jaworzno
Shadi Abu Dib plays for Śląsk Wrocław
Shadi Abu Dib plays for Hapoel Jerusalem F.C.
Shadi Abu Dib plays for Hapoel Petah Tikva F.C.
Shadi Abu Dib plays for Hapoel Be'er Sheva F.C.
Shadi Abu Dib plays for Hapoel Kfar Saba F.C.
Zlatko Papec plays for Freiburger FC
Zlatko Papec plays for NK Lokomotiva
Zlatko Papec plays for Yugoslavia national football team
Zlatko Papec plays for HNK Hajduk Split
Zlatko Papec plays for NK Junak Sinj
Zlatko Papec plays for H.N.K. Hajduk Split
Zlatko Papec plays for H.N.K. Rijeka
Zlatko Papec plays for HNK Rijeka
Zlatko Papec plays for Croatia national football team
Zlatko Papec plays for GNK Dinamo Zagreb
Radosław Kałużny is affiliated to Zagłębie Lubin
Radosław Kałużny is affiliated to Chrobry Głogów
Radosław Kałużny is affiliated to Poland national football team
Radosław Kałużny is affiliated to Wisła Kraków
Radosław Kałużny is affiliated to FC Energie Cottbus
Radosław Kałużny is affiliated to Rot Weiss Ahlen
Radosław Kałużny is affiliated to Rot-Weiss Essen
Radosław Kałużny is affiliated to AEL Limassol
Radosław Kałużny is affiliated to Bayer 04 Leverkusen
Radosław Kałużny is affiliated to Jagiellonia Białystok
Mark Seagraves has gender male
Mark Seagraves has gender female
Mark Seagraves has gender Tomsk
Mark Seagraves has gender Turkey
Mark Seagraves has gender France
Mark Seagraves has gender United Kingdom
Mark Seagraves has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Mark Seagraves has gender César Award
Mark Seagraves has gender United States
Mark Seagraves has gender Azerbaijan
Cyril Robinson plays for Bradford Park Avenue A.F.C.
Cyril Robinson plays for Southport F.C.
Cyril Robinson plays for Mansfield Town F.C.
Cyril Robinson plays for Blackpool F.C.
Cyril Robinson plays for Northwich Victoria F.C.
Cyril Robinson plays for York City F.C.
Cyril Robinson plays for Halifax Town A.F.C.
Cyril Robinson plays for Notts County F.C.
Cyril Robinson plays for Lincoln City F.C.
Cyril Robinson plays for Rochdale A.F.C.
Dario Smoje was born in Zagreb
Dario Smoje was born in Rijeka
Dario Smoje was born in Vukovar
"Dario Smoje was born in Split, Croatia"
Dario Smoje was born in Zenica
Dario Smoje was born in Imotski
Dario Smoje was born in Osijek
Dario Smoje was born in Sarajevo
Dario Smoje was born in Varaždin
Dario Smoje was born in Slavonski Brod
Søren Andersen is affiliated to Denmark national under-21 football team
Søren Andersen is affiliated to Denmark national under-17 football team
Søren Andersen is affiliated to Silkeborg IF
Søren Andersen is affiliated to Denmark national under-19 football team
Søren Andersen is affiliated to AaB Fodbold
Søren Andersen is affiliated to Aarhus Gymnastikforening
Søren Andersen is affiliated to Denmark national football team
Søren Andersen is affiliated to IFK Norrköping
Søren Andersen is affiliated to Rayo Vallecano
Søren Andersen is affiliated to UE Lleida
Yale School of Medicine is located in Connecticut
Yale School of Medicine is located in United States
Yale School of Medicine is located in Massachusetts
Yale School of Medicine is located in California
Yale School of Medicine is located in New York metropolitan area
"Yale School of Medicine is located in New Haven, Connecticut"
Yale School of Medicine is located in New Haven
"Yale School of Medicine is located in Hartford County, Connecticut"
Yale School of Medicine is located in Pennsylvania
Yale School of Medicine is located in United Kingdom
Ian Curtis has musical role wordnet guitar 103467517
Ian Curtis has musical role wordnet vocal music 107282006
Ian Curtis has musical role wordnet piano 103928116
Ian Curtis has musical role wordnet bass guitar 102804123
Ian Curtis has musical role wordnet keyboard 103614007
Ian Curtis has musical role wordnet synthesist 110687231
Ian Curtis has musical role wordnet drum 103249569
Ian Curtis has musical role wordnet harmonica 103494278
Ian Curtis has musical role wordnet violin 104536866
Ian Curtis has musical role wordnet percussion 100545059
"Rafael Pereira da Silva (footballer, born 1980) is affiliated to CR Vasco da Gama"
"Rafael Pereira da Silva (footballer, born 1980) is affiliated to Centro de Futebol Zico Sociedade Esportiva"
"Rafael Pereira da Silva (footballer, born 1980) is affiliated to Clube de Regatas do Flamengo"
"Rafael Pereira da Silva (footballer, born 1980) is affiliated to São Paulo FC"
"Rafael Pereira da Silva (footballer, born 1980) is affiliated to Goiás Esporte Clube"
"Rafael Pereira da Silva (footballer, born 1980) is affiliated to Fluminense FC"
"Rafael Pereira da Silva (footballer, born 1980) is affiliated to Esporte Clube Bahia"
"Rafael Pereira da Silva (footballer, born 1980) is affiliated to Guarani Futebol Clube"
"Rafael Pereira da Silva (footballer, born 1980) is affiliated to A.C.R. Messina"
"Rafael Pereira da Silva (footballer, born 1980) is affiliated to Associação Desportiva São Caetano"
Chris Pike was born in Cardiff
Chris Pike was born in Merthyr Tydfil
Chris Pike was born in Swansea
"Chris Pike was born in Newport, Wales"
Chris Pike was born in London
Chris Pike was born in Llanelli
Chris Pike was born in Birmingham
"Chris Pike was born in Barry, Vale of Glamorgan"
Chris Pike was born in Coventry
Chris Pike was born in Aberdare
Richard II of England has child Henry IV of England
Richard II of England has child Henry V of England
Richard II of England has child Richard II of England
"Richard II of England has child Joan of Navarre, Queen of England"
Richard II of England has child Mary de Bohun
"Richard II of England has child John of Gaunt, 1st Duke of Lancaster"
Richard II of England has child Edward III of England
Richard II of England has child Isabella of Valois
"Richard II of England has child John of Lancaster, 1st Duke of Bedford"
"Richard II of England has child John V, Duke of Brittany"
Colin Marrison plays for Belper Town F.C.
Colin Marrison plays for Retford United F.C.
Colin Marrison plays for Matlock Town F.C.
Colin Marrison plays for Stocksbridge Park Steels F.C.
Colin Marrison plays for Sheffield United F.C.
Colin Marrison plays for Leigh Genesis F.C.
Colin Marrison plays for Tamworth F.C.
Colin Marrison plays for Hinckley United F.C.
Colin Marrison plays for Bury F.C.
Colin Marrison plays for Gainsborough Trinity F.C.
Sébastien Piocelle is affiliated to US Le Pontet
Sébastien Piocelle is affiliated to Nîmes Olympique
Sébastien Piocelle is affiliated to AC Arles-Avignon
Sébastien Piocelle is affiliated to SC Bastia
Sébastien Piocelle is affiliated to Nîmes Olympique F.C.
Sébastien Piocelle is affiliated to F.C. Crotone
Sébastien Piocelle is affiliated to S.C. Bastia
Sébastien Piocelle is affiliated to FC Nantes
Sébastien Piocelle is affiliated to U.S. Grosseto F.C.
Sébastien Piocelle is affiliated to S.S. Juve Stabia
Kim Hyung-il is affiliated to Sangju Sangmu FC
Kim Hyung-il is affiliated to Pohang Steelers
Kim Hyung-il is affiliated to Daejeon Citizen FC
Kim Hyung-il is affiliated to Kyung Hee University
Kim Hyung-il is affiliated to South Korea national football team
Kim Hyung-il is affiliated to South Korea national under-23 football team
Kim Hyung-il is affiliated to Jeonnam Dragons
Kim Hyung-il is affiliated to Incheon United FC
Kim Hyung-il is affiliated to FC Seoul
Kim Hyung-il is affiliated to Ulsan Hyundai FC
Jonathan Charquero is affiliated to Boston River
Jonathan Charquero is affiliated to Uruguay national under-20 football team
Jonathan Charquero is affiliated to C.A. Cerro
Jonathan Charquero is affiliated to Montevideo Wanderers F.C.
Jonathan Charquero is affiliated to Club Nacional de Football
Jonathan Charquero is affiliated to Juventud de Las Piedras
Jonathan Charquero is affiliated to Alianza Lima
Jonathan Charquero is affiliated to Uruguay national football team
Jonathan Charquero is affiliated to Peñarol
Jonathan Charquero is affiliated to Danubio F.C.
Alan dos Santos Possato has gender male
Alan dos Santos Possato has gender female
Alan dos Santos Possato has gender United Kingdom
Alan dos Santos Possato has gender France
Alan dos Santos Possato has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Alan dos Santos Possato has gender Africa
Alan dos Santos Possato has gender Azerbaijan
Alan dos Santos Possato has gender London
Alan dos Santos Possato has gender Tomsk
Alan dos Santos Possato has gender Hong Kong
Richmond Forson is affiliated to Vendée Luçon Football
Richmond Forson is affiliated to Thouars Foot 79
Richmond Forson is affiliated to Vendée Poiré-sur-Vie Football
Richmond Forson is affiliated to AS Yzeure
Richmond Forson is affiliated to CS Louhans-Cuiseaux
Richmond Forson is affiliated to AS Cherbourg Football
Richmond Forson is affiliated to Togo national football team
Richmond Forson is affiliated to FC Sète 34
Richmond Forson is affiliated to F.C. Metz
Richmond Forson is affiliated to FC Metz
Sherbet (band) has won prize Grammy Award
Sherbet (band) has won prize Emmy Award
Sherbet (band) has won prize Golden Globe Award
Sherbet (band) has won prize Ivor Novello Awards
Sherbet (band) has won prize ARIA Music Awards
Sherbet (band) has won prize Tony Award
Sherbet (band) has won prize Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
Sherbet (band) has won prize Primetime Emmy Award
Sherbet (band) has won prize Legion of Honour
Sherbet (band) has won prize Legion of Merit
Gustav Kirchhoff graduated from Humboldt University
Gustav Kirchhoff graduated from Humboldt University of Berlin
Gustav Kirchhoff graduated from Heidelberg University
Gustav Kirchhoff graduated from University of Heidelberg
Gustav Kirchhoff graduated from University of Göttingen
Gustav Kirchhoff graduated from University of Königsberg
Gustav Kirchhoff graduated from University of Bonn
Gustav Kirchhoff graduated from University of Wrocław
Gustav Kirchhoff graduated from Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich
Gustav Kirchhoff graduated from Leipzig University
Brian Borrows has gender male
Brian Borrows has gender female
Brian Borrows has gender Azerbaijan
Brian Borrows has gender Turkey
Brian Borrows has gender Tomsk
Brian Borrows has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Brian Borrows has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Brian Borrows has gender France
Brian Borrows has gender Golden Globe Award
Brian Borrows has gender United Kingdom
Jorge Alcalde was born in Lima
Jorge Alcalde was born in Buenos Aires
Jorge Alcalde was born in Callao
Jorge Alcalde was born in Montevideo
"Jorge Alcalde was born in Córdoba, Argentina"
Jorge Alcalde was born in Mar del Plata
Jorge Alcalde was born in Lanús
Jorge Alcalde was born in Avellaneda
"Jorge Alcalde was born in Río Cuarto, Córdoba"
"Jorge Alcalde was born in Rosario, Santa Fe"
Ljusnarsberg Municipality is located in Västmanland
Ljusnarsberg Municipality is located in United States
Ljusnarsberg Municipality is located in Västmanland County
Ljusnarsberg Municipality is located in Poland
Ljusnarsberg Municipality is located in Ljusnarsberg Municipality
Ljusnarsberg Municipality is located in Örebro County
Ljusnarsberg Municipality is located in Iran
Ljusnarsberg Municipality is located in Sweden
Ljusnarsberg Municipality is located in Slovenia
Ljusnarsberg Municipality is located in Västerås
Willie Nile has musical role wordnet organ 105297523
Willie Nile has musical role wordnet piano 103928116
Willie Nile has musical role wordnet vocal music 107282006
Willie Nile has musical role wordnet guitar 103467517
Willie Nile has musical role wordnet synthesist 110687231
Willie Nile has musical role wordnet keyboard 103614007
Willie Nile has musical role wordnet bass guitar 102804123
Willie Nile has musical role wordnet drum 103249569
Willie Nile has musical role wordnet harmonica 103494278
Willie Nile has musical role wordnet percussion 100545059
"Minnesota State University, Mankato is located in Mankato"
"Minnesota State University, Mankato is located in Minnesota"
"Minnesota State University, Mankato is located in United States"
"Minnesota State University, Mankato is located in Mankato, Minnesota"
"Minnesota State University, Mankato is located in Canada"
"Minnesota State University, Mankato is located in Minnesota State University, Mankato"
"Minnesota State University, Mankato is located in California"
"Minnesota State University, Mankato is located in Florida"
"Minnesota State University, Mankato is located in Massachusetts"
"Minnesota State University, Mankato is located in United Kingdom"
Fernandão is affiliated to Goiás E.C.
Fernandão is affiliated to São Paulo F.C.
Fernandão is affiliated to São Paulo FC
Fernandão is affiliated to Brazil national football team
Fernandão is affiliated to Toulouse F.C.
Fernandão is affiliated to Sport Club Internacional
Fernandão is affiliated to Goiás Esporte Clube
Fernandão is affiliated to Toulouse FC
Fernandão is affiliated to Al-Gharafa Sports Club
Fernandão is affiliated to Olympique de Marseille
"Nikola Jerkan was born in Split, Croatia"
Nikola Jerkan was born in Zagreb
Nikola Jerkan was born in Vinkovci
Nikola Jerkan was born in Sarajevo
Nikola Jerkan was born in Čapljina
Nikola Jerkan was born in Osijek
Nikola Jerkan was born in Mostar
Nikola Jerkan was born in Varaždin
Nikola Jerkan was born in Vienna
Nikola Jerkan was born in Slavonski Brod
Víctor Miranda is affiliated to Panama national football team
Víctor Miranda is affiliated to Sporting San Miguelito
Víctor Miranda is affiliated to San Francisco F.C.
Víctor Miranda is affiliated to Club Deportivo Árabe Unido
Víctor Miranda is affiliated to Club de Futbol Universidad de Costa Rica
Víctor Miranda is affiliated to Tauro F.C.
Víctor Miranda is affiliated to Chorrillo F.C.
Víctor Miranda is affiliated to Club Deportivo Plaza Amador
Víctor Miranda is affiliated to Panamá Viejo F.C.
Víctor Miranda is affiliated to Alianza F.C. (Panama)
Ilhom Mo'minjonov has gender male
Ilhom Mo'minjonov has gender female
Ilhom Mo'minjonov has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Ilhom Mo'minjonov has gender César Award
Ilhom Mo'minjonov has gender wordnet electronics 106099269
Ilhom Mo'minjonov has gender United Kingdom
Ilhom Mo'minjonov has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Ilhom Mo'minjonov has gender wordnet chemical 114806838
Ilhom Mo'minjonov has gender Azerbaijan
Ilhom Mo'minjonov has gender London Heathrow Terminal 3
Célio Silva do Nascimento plays for Clube de Regatas do Flamengo
Célio Silva do Nascimento plays for CR Vasco da Gama
Célio Silva do Nascimento plays for Goiás Esporte Clube
Célio Silva do Nascimento plays for Stade Malherbe Caen
Célio Silva do Nascimento plays for Brazil national football team
Célio Silva do Nascimento plays for Americano Futebol Clube
Célio Silva do Nascimento plays for Sport Club Corinthians Paulista
Célio Silva do Nascimento plays for Club Deportivo Universidad Católica
Célio Silva do Nascimento plays for Clube Atlético Mineiro
Célio Silva do Nascimento plays for Sport Club Internacional
Kabir Bedi has gender female
Kabir Bedi has gender male
Kabir Bedi has gender United Kingdom
Kabir Bedi has gender wordnet electronics 106099269
Kabir Bedi has gender wordnet chemical 114806838
Kabir Bedi has gender United States
Kabir Bedi has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Kabir Bedi has gender wordnet foodstuff 107566340
Kabir Bedi has gender Brazil
Kabir Bedi has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Luděk Zelenka is affiliated to FK Chmel Blšany
Luděk Zelenka is affiliated to FK Teplice
Luděk Zelenka is affiliated to FC Kärnten
Luděk Zelenka is affiliated to FK Baumit Jablonec
Luděk Zelenka is affiliated to FK Viktoria Žižkov
Luděk Zelenka is affiliated to Dukla Prague
Luděk Zelenka is affiliated to FC Slovan Liberec
Luděk Zelenka is affiliated to SK Slavia Prague
Luděk Zelenka is affiliated to FC Zbrojovka Brno
Luděk Zelenka is affiliated to AC Sparta Prague
Adolfo Gori plays for F.C. Esperia Viareggio
Adolfo Gori plays for Rochester Lancers
Adolfo Gori plays for Brescia Calcio
Adolfo Gori plays for F.C. Lucchese 1905
Adolfo Gori plays for S.P.A.L. 2013
Adolfo Gori plays for Juventus F.C.
Adolfo Gori plays for A.S. Lucchese Libertas 1905
Adolfo Gori plays for Real SPAL
Adolfo Gori plays for Italy national football team
Adolfo Gori plays for A.S. Roma
Christian McClean plays for F.C. Clacton
Christian McClean plays for Sudbury Town F.C.
Christian McClean plays for Heybridge Swifts F.C.
Christian McClean plays for Chelmsford City F.C.
Christian McClean plays for Northampton Town F.C.
Christian McClean plays for Swansea City A.F.C.
Christian McClean plays for Bristol Rovers F.C.
Christian McClean plays for Colchester United F.C.
Christian McClean plays for Cambridge United F.C.
Christian McClean plays for Ipswich Town F.C.
Malek Aït Alia is affiliated to Clermont Foot
Malek Aït Alia is affiliated to Amiens SC
Malek Aït Alia is affiliated to USM Alger
Malek Aït Alia is affiliated to Stade de Reims
Malek Aït Alia is affiliated to Algeria national football team
Malek Aït Alia is affiliated to Stade Lavallois
Malek Aït Alia is affiliated to Racing Club de France football Colombes 92
Malek Aït Alia is affiliated to FC Mulhouse
Malek Aït Alia is affiliated to Montpellier HSC
Malek Aït Alia is affiliated to Montpellier H.S.C.
Kingsley Amuneke plays for IFK Värnamo
Kingsley Amuneke plays for F.C. Verbroedering Dender Eendracht Hekelgem
Kingsley Amuneke plays for Landskrona BoIS
Kingsley Amuneke plays for Bridge Boys F.C.
Kingsley Amuneke plays for SC Eendracht Aalst
Kingsley Amuneke plays for Nigeria national football team
Kingsley Amuneke plays for Helsingborgs IF
Kingsley Amuneke plays for R.S.C. Anderlecht
Kingsley Amuneke plays for Sweden national football team
Kingsley Amuneke plays for Malmö FF
Carlos Cárdenas plays for Club Jorge Wilstermann
Carlos Cárdenas plays for Club Aurora
Carlos Cárdenas plays for Club Universitario
Carlos Cárdenas plays for Club Blooming
Carlos Cárdenas plays for Bolivia national football team
Carlos Cárdenas plays for Club Deportivo San José
Carlos Cárdenas plays for Club Bolívar
Carlos Cárdenas plays for The Strongest
Carlos Cárdenas plays for Oriente Petrolero
Carlos Cárdenas plays for Club Real Potosí
"Maria of Austria, Holy Roman Empress is married to Maximilian II, Holy Roman Emperor"
"Maria of Austria, Holy Roman Empress is married to Maria of Austria, Holy Roman Empress"
"Maria of Austria, Holy Roman Empress is married to Philip II of Spain"
"Maria of Austria, Holy Roman Empress is married to Anna of Tyrol"
"Maria of Austria, Holy Roman Empress is married to Anna of Austria, Queen of Spain"
"Maria of Austria, Holy Roman Empress is married to Charles V, Holy Roman Emperor"
"Maria of Austria, Holy Roman Empress is married to Matthias, Holy Roman Emperor"
"Maria of Austria, Holy Roman Empress is married to Albert VII, Archduke of Austria"
"Maria of Austria, Holy Roman Empress is married to Isabella of Portugal"
"Maria of Austria, Holy Roman Empress is married to Ferdinand I, Holy Roman Emperor"
"Nogales, Sonora is located in Sonora (Mexico)"
"Nogales, Sonora is located in Sonoran Desert"
"Nogales, Sonora is located in United States"
"Nogales, Sonora is located in Nogales, Sonora"
"Nogales, Sonora is located in Arizona"
"Nogales, Sonora is located in Sonora"
"Nogales, Sonora is located in Maricopa County, Arizona"
"Nogales, Sonora is located in Universidad de Sonora"
"Nogales, Sonora is located in Hermosillo"
"Nogales, Sonora is located in Pima County, Arizona"
Jes Høgh is affiliated to AaB Fodbold
Jes Høgh is affiliated to Brøndby IF
Jes Høgh is affiliated to Denmark national football team
Jes Høgh is affiliated to Fenerbahçe S.K. (football)
Jes Høgh is affiliated to Chelsea F.C.
Jes Høgh is affiliated to Aalborg Boldspilklub
Jes Høgh is affiliated to Denmark national under-21 football team
Jes Høgh is affiliated to Denmark national under-19 football team
Jes Høgh is affiliated to Fenerbahçe S.K.
Jes Høgh is affiliated to Denmark national under-17 football team
Michael McGlinchey plays for Scotland national under-20 football team
Michael McGlinchey plays for Scotland national under-21 football team
Michael McGlinchey plays for Celtic F.C.
Michael McGlinchey plays for Motherwell F.C.
Michael McGlinchey plays for Central Coast Mariners FC
Michael McGlinchey plays for Vegalta Sendai
Michael McGlinchey plays for Dunfermline Athletic F.C.
Michael McGlinchey plays for New Zealand national football team
Michael McGlinchey plays for Scotland national football team
Michael McGlinchey plays for Aberdeen F.C.
Ángel Tulio Zof plays for Club Celaya
Ángel Tulio Zof plays for Rosario Central
Ángel Tulio Zof plays for Quilmes Atlético Club
Ángel Tulio Zof plays for Club Atlético Atlanta
Ángel Tulio Zof plays for Club Atlético Huracán
Ángel Tulio Zof plays for Atlético Celaya
Ángel Tulio Zof plays for C.A. Rosario Central
Ángel Tulio Zof plays for Los Andes de Lomas de Zamora
Ángel Tulio Zof plays for Monarcas Morelia
Ángel Tulio Zof plays for Quilmes A.C.
Kristján Örn Sigurðsson plays for Iceland national football team
Kristján Örn Sigurðsson plays for Iceland national under-19 football team
Kristján Örn Sigurðsson plays for Þór Akureyri
Kristján Örn Sigurðsson plays for Knattspyrnufélag Akureyrar
Kristján Örn Sigurðsson plays for Íþróttafélagið Völsungur
Kristján Örn Sigurðsson plays for Iceland national under-21 football team
Kristján Örn Sigurðsson plays for Iceland national under-17 football team
Kristján Örn Sigurðsson plays for Hønefoss BK
Kristján Örn Sigurðsson plays for SK Brann
Kristján Örn Sigurðsson plays for Knattspyrnufélag Reykjavíkur
Carlos Discua is affiliated to Pumas UNAH
Carlos Discua is affiliated to Honduras national football team
Carlos Discua is affiliated to Deportivo Xinabajul
Carlos Discua is affiliated to C.D. Motagua
Carlos Discua is affiliated to C.D. Victoria
Carlos Discua is affiliated to C.S.D. Comunicaciones
Carlos Discua is affiliated to Club Deportivo Olimpia
Carlos Discua is affiliated to Real C.D. España
Carlos Discua is affiliated to C.D. Marathón
Carlos Discua is affiliated to C.D. Olimpia
Hiromasa Yamamoto plays for Shimizu Higashi High School
Hiromasa Yamamoto plays for Ehime FC
Hiromasa Yamamoto plays for Júbilo Iwata
Hiromasa Yamamoto plays for Vissel Kobe
Hiromasa Yamamoto plays for Cerezo Osaka
Hiromasa Yamamoto plays for Japan national football team
Hiromasa Yamamoto plays for Tokyo Verdy
Hiromasa Yamamoto plays for Ehime F.C.
Hiromasa Yamamoto plays for Shimizu S-Pulse
Hiromasa Yamamoto plays for Gamba Osaka
Vitaliy Havrysh is affiliated to FC Stal Alchevsk
Vitaliy Havrysh is affiliated to PFC Oleksandriya
Vitaliy Havrysh is affiliated to FC Desna Chernihiv
Vitaliy Havrysh is affiliated to FC Metalurh Donetsk
Vitaliy Havrysh is affiliated to FC Metalurh Zaporizhya
Vitaliy Havrysh is affiliated to FC Stal Dniprodzerzhynsk
Vitaliy Havrysh is affiliated to S.K. Tavriya Simferopol
Vitaliy Havrysh is affiliated to FC Zorya Luhansk
Vitaliy Havrysh is affiliated to FC Metalurh-2 Donetsk
Vitaliy Havrysh is affiliated to FC Illichivets Mariupol
Julien Rantier plays for Vicenza Calcio
Julien Rantier plays for U.C. AlbinoLeffe
Julien Rantier plays for Atalanta B.C.
Julien Rantier plays for Taranto F.C. 1927
Julien Rantier plays for Hellas Verona F.C.
Julien Rantier plays for U.S. Alessandria Calcio 1912
Julien Rantier plays for S.S.D. Piacenza Calcio 1919
Julien Rantier plays for Nîmes Olympique
Julien Rantier plays for A.C. Perugia Calcio
Julien Rantier plays for Nîmes Olympique F.C.
Aritz Aduriz was born in Bilbao
Aritz Aduriz was born in Vitoria-Gasteiz
Aritz Aduriz was born in Madrid
Aritz Aduriz was born in Valencia
Aritz Aduriz was born in Barcelona
Aritz Aduriz was born in San Sebastian
Aritz Aduriz was born in Buenos Aires
Aritz Aduriz was born in Seville
Aritz Aduriz was born in Málaga
Aritz Aduriz was born in Pasaia
Manavgat is located in Mediterranean Turkey
"Manavgat is located in Mediterranean Region, Turkey"
Manavgat is located in Antalya
Manavgat is located in Turkey
Manavgat is located in Mersin
Manavgat is located in Antalya Province
Manavgat is located in Adana
Manavgat is located in Ankara
Manavgat is located in Istanbul
Manavgat is located in Isparta
Bobby Tambling plays for Cork Celtic F.C.
Bobby Tambling plays for Waterford United F.C.
Bobby Tambling plays for Shamrock Rovers F.C.
Bobby Tambling plays for Crystal Palace F.C.
Bobby Tambling plays for League of Ireland XI
Bobby Tambling plays for Chelsea F.C.
Bobby Tambling plays for Havant & Waterlooville F.C.
Bobby Tambling plays for England national football team
Bobby Tambling plays for Republic of Ireland national football team
Bobby Tambling plays for Queens Park Rangers F.C.
Fabrizio Biava is affiliated to Aurora Pro Patria 1919
Fabrizio Biava is affiliated to A.C. Fanfulla 1874
Fabrizio Biava is affiliated to S.S.D. Acireale Calcio 1946
Fabrizio Biava is affiliated to A.S. Lucchese Libertas 1905
Fabrizio Biava is affiliated to Spezia Calcio
Fabrizio Biava is affiliated to Inter Milan
Fabrizio Biava is affiliated to Ternana Calcio
Fabrizio Biava is affiliated to A.S.D. Spezia Calcio 2008
Fabrizio Biava is affiliated to F.C. Lucchese 1905
Fabrizio Biava is affiliated to A.S. Varese 1910
Jairzinho plays for Club 9 de Octubre
Jairzinho plays for Nacional Fast Clube
Jairzinho plays for Portuguesa FC
Jairzinho plays for Botafogo de Futebol e Regatas
Jairzinho plays for Club Jorge Wilstermann
Jairzinho plays for Cruzeiro Esporte Clube
Jairzinho plays for Kaizer Chiefs F.C.
Jairzinho plays for Brazil national football team
Jairzinho plays for Esporte Clube Noroeste
Jairzinho plays for Olympique de Marseille
Clube Náutico Capibaribe is located in São Paulo
Clube Náutico Capibaribe is located in Fortaleza
Clube Náutico Capibaribe is located in São Paulo (state)
Clube Náutico Capibaribe is located in Porto Alegre
Clube Náutico Capibaribe is located in Recife
Clube Náutico Capibaribe is located in Belém
Clube Náutico Capibaribe is located in Criciúma
Clube Náutico Capibaribe is located in Rio de Janeiro
Clube Náutico Capibaribe is located in São Caetano do Sul
Clube Náutico Capibaribe is located in Belo Horizonte
Russ Meyer has gender male
Russ Meyer has gender female
Russ Meyer has gender Turkey
Russ Meyer has gender United Kingdom
Russ Meyer has gender United Arab Emirates
Russ Meyer has gender Republican Party (United States)
Russ Meyer has gender Golden Globe Award
Russ Meyer has gender Africa
Russ Meyer has gender Azerbaijan
Russ Meyer has gender United States
Nicolás Hernández was born in Buenos Aires
Nicolás Hernández was born in Lanús
"Nicolás Hernández was born in Santa Fe, Argentina"
Nicolás Hernández was born in Avellaneda
"Nicolás Hernández was born in Rosario, Santa Fe"
Nicolás Hernández was born in Mar del Plata
Nicolás Hernández was born in Concepción del Uruguay
Nicolás Hernández was born in Bahía Blanca
"Nicolás Hernández was born in Córdoba, Argentina"
Nicolás Hernández was born in La Plata
"Bank of America is located in Charlotte, North Carolina"
Bank of America is located in North Carolina
Bank of America is located in United States
Bank of America is located in Charlotte
Bank of America is located in California
Bank of America is located in Texas
Bank of America is located in Florida
Bank of America is located in Canada
Bank of America is located in France
"Bank of America is located in Greensboro, North Carolina"
Kate Markgraf plays for KIF Örebro DFF
Kate Markgraf plays for Notre Dame Fighting Irish women's soccer
Kate Markgraf plays for Chicago Red Stars
Kate Markgraf plays for United States women's national soccer team
Kate Markgraf plays for Boston Breakers (WUSA)
Kate Markgraf plays for Boston Breakers
Kate Markgraf plays for Philadelphia Independence
Kate Markgraf plays for United States women's national under-23 soccer team
Kate Markgraf plays for United States women's national under-20 soccer team
Kate Markgraf plays for Saint Louis Athletica
Peter Larsson (footballer born 1984) has gender male
Peter Larsson (footballer born 1984) has gender female
Peter Larsson (footballer born 1984) has gender César Award
Peter Larsson (footballer born 1984) has gender Brazil
Peter Larsson (footballer born 1984) has gender United Kingdom
Peter Larsson (footballer born 1984) has gender Bulgaria
Peter Larsson (footballer born 1984) has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Peter Larsson (footballer born 1984) has gender Turkey
Peter Larsson (footballer born 1984) has gender Azerbaijan
Peter Larsson (footballer born 1984) has gender Africa
Johnny Torres is affiliated to Milwaukee Wave United
Johnny Torres is affiliated to Milwaukee Wave
Johnny Torres is affiliated to Connecticut Wolves
Johnny Torres is affiliated to New England Revolution
Johnny Torres is affiliated to Minnesota Thunder
Johnny Torres is affiliated to Creighton Bluejays
Johnny Torres is affiliated to Creighton University
Johnny Torres is affiliated to United States national futsal team
Johnny Torres is affiliated to Chicago Fire Soccer Club
Johnny Torres is affiliated to Miami Fusion
Alexander Madlung is affiliated to BSV Ölper 2000
Alexander Madlung is affiliated to Eintracht Braunschweig
Alexander Madlung is affiliated to Germany national football B team
Alexander Madlung is affiliated to Germany national under-21 football team
Alexander Madlung is affiliated to Hertha BSC II
Alexander Madlung is affiliated to VfL Wolfsburg
Alexander Madlung is affiliated to Germany national football team
Alexander Madlung is affiliated to Hertha BSC
Alexander Madlung is affiliated to Eintracht Frankfurt
Alexander Madlung is affiliated to Germany national youth football team
"Stillwater, Minnesota is located in Washington County, Minnesota"
"Stillwater, Minnesota is located in Minnesota"
"Stillwater, Minnesota is located in United States"
"Stillwater, Minnesota is located in Ramsey County, Minnesota"
"Stillwater, Minnesota is located in Hennepin County, Minnesota"
"Stillwater, Minnesota is located in California"
"Stillwater, Minnesota is located in Stillwater, Minnesota"
"Stillwater, Minnesota is located in France"
"Stillwater, Minnesota is located in Dakota County, Minnesota"
"Stillwater, Minnesota is located in Illinois"
Park Dong-hyuk is affiliated to Korea University
Park Dong-hyuk is affiliated to South Korea national football team
Park Dong-hyuk is affiliated to South Korea national under-20 football team
Park Dong-hyuk is affiliated to Ulsan Hyundai FC
Park Dong-hyuk is affiliated to South Korea national under-23 football team
Park Dong-hyuk is affiliated to Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors
Park Dong-hyuk is affiliated to Gamba Osaka
Park Dong-hyuk is affiliated to Dalian Shide F.C.
Park Dong-hyuk is affiliated to Kashiwa Reysol
Park Dong-hyuk is affiliated to Suwon Samsung Bluewings
Lennart Meri has won prize Order of the Three Stars
Lennart Meri has won prize Order of the White Double Cross
Lennart Meri has won prize Order of the Cross of Terra Mariana
Lennart Meri has won prize Order of the White Eagle (Poland)
Lennart Meri has won prize Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
Lennart Meri has won prize Order of the Redeemer
Lennart Meri has won prize Order of the Aztec Eagle
Lennart Meri has won prize Order of the White Rose of Finland
Lennart Meri has won prize Order of the Liberator
Lennart Meri has won prize Order of Leopold (Belgium)
John McGlashan (footballer) is affiliated to Arbroath F.C.
John McGlashan (footballer) is affiliated to Ross County F.C.
John McGlashan (footballer) is affiliated to Dundee F.C.
John McGlashan (footballer) is affiliated to Montrose F.C.
John McGlashan (footballer) is affiliated to Peterborough United F.C.
John McGlashan (footballer) is affiliated to Millwall F.C.
John McGlashan (footballer) is affiliated to Rotherham United F.C.
John McGlashan (footballer) is affiliated to Cambridge United F.C.
John McGlashan (footballer) is affiliated to Fulham F.C.
John McGlashan (footballer) is affiliated to Dundee United F.C.
José Amaya is affiliated to Junior de Barranquilla
José Amaya is affiliated to Colombia national football team
José Amaya is affiliated to Junior F.C.
José Amaya is affiliated to Millonarios Fútbol Club
José Amaya is affiliated to Atlético Nacional
José Amaya is affiliated to Barcelona Sporting Club
José Amaya is affiliated to Patriotas F.C.
José Amaya is affiliated to América de Cali
José Amaya is affiliated to Cúcuta Deportivo
José Amaya is affiliated to Deportivo Cali
Aloísio Pires Alves is affiliated to Sport Club Internacional
Aloísio Pires Alves is affiliated to F.C. Porto
Aloísio Pires Alves is affiliated to Brazil national football team
Aloísio Pires Alves is affiliated to FC Barcelona
Aloísio Pires Alves is affiliated to S.C. Internacional
Aloísio Pires Alves is affiliated to Brazil national under-23 football team
Aloísio Pires Alves is affiliated to Santos FC
Aloísio Pires Alves is affiliated to Brazil national under-20 football team
Aloísio Pires Alves is affiliated to S.L. Benfica
Aloísio Pires Alves is affiliated to São Paulo FC
Anders Fogh Rasmussen has child Anders Fogh Rasmussen
Anders Fogh Rasmussen has child Thor Pedersen
Anders Fogh Rasmussen has child Lars Løkke Rasmussen
Anders Fogh Rasmussen has child Poul Nyrup Rasmussen
Anders Fogh Rasmussen has child Per Stig Møller
Anders Fogh Rasmussen has child Bertel Haarder
Anders Fogh Rasmussen has child Lene Espersen
Anders Fogh Rasmussen has child Mogens Lykketoft
Anders Fogh Rasmussen has child Svend Auken
Anders Fogh Rasmussen has child Lars Barfoed
Sharyn McCrumb has won prize Nero Award
Sharyn McCrumb has won prize Anthony Awards
Sharyn McCrumb has won prize Macavity Awards
Sharyn McCrumb has won prize Agatha Award
Sharyn McCrumb has won prize Shamus Award
Sharyn McCrumb has won prize Edgar Award
Sharyn McCrumb has won prize Golden Globe Award
Sharyn McCrumb has won prize Grammy Award
Sharyn McCrumb has won prize Grand Prix de Littérature Policière
Sharyn McCrumb has won prize Primetime Emmy Award
Iain Dunn plays for Goole A.F.C.
Iain Dunn plays for Scarborough F.C.
Iain Dunn plays for York City F.C.
Iain Dunn plays for Chesterfield F.C.
Iain Dunn plays for Huddersfield Town F.C.
Iain Dunn plays for Peterborough United F.C.
Iain Dunn plays for Scunthorpe United F.C.
Iain Dunn plays for Halifax Town A.F.C.
Iain Dunn plays for Doncaster Rovers F.C.
Iain Dunn plays for Barnsley F.C.
Ori Uzan plays for Hapoel Kfar Saba F.C.
Ori Uzan plays for Maccabi Petah Tikva F.C.
Ori Uzan plays for Maccabi Haifa F.C.
Ori Uzan plays for Maccabi Netanya F.C.
Ori Uzan plays for F.C. Ashdod
Ori Uzan plays for Hapoel Petah Tikva F.C.
Ori Uzan plays for Maccabi Haifa
Ori Uzan plays for Israel national football team
Ori Uzan plays for Israel national under-21 football team
Ori Uzan plays for Beitar Jerusalem F.C.
George Galamaz plays for Romania national football team
George Galamaz plays for FC Sportul Studențesc București
George Galamaz plays for FC Universitatea Cluj
George Galamaz plays for FC Unirea Urziceni
George Galamaz plays for FC Steaua București
George Galamaz plays for FC Rapid București
George Galamaz plays for FC Dinamo București
George Galamaz plays for Anorthosis Famagusta FC
George Galamaz plays for FC Petrolul Ploiești
George Galamaz plays for F.C. Steaua Bucureşti
David Riley plays for Boston United F.C.
David Riley plays for Kettering Town F.C.
David Riley plays for Nottingham Forest F.C.
David Riley plays for Peterborough United F.C.
David Riley plays for Darlington F.C.
David Riley plays for King's Lynn F.C.
David Riley plays for Port Vale F.C.
David Riley plays for Lincoln City F.C.
David Riley plays for Mansfield Town F.C.
David Riley plays for Cambridge United F.C.
Mladen Pelaić plays for NK Osijek
Mladen Pelaić plays for NK Zagreb
Mladen Pelaić plays for Croatia national under-21 football team
Mladen Pelaić plays for GNK Dinamo Zagreb
Mladen Pelaić plays for HNK Hajduk Split
Mladen Pelaić plays for Standard Liège
Mladen Pelaić plays for Croatia national football team
Mladen Pelaić plays for N.K. Zagreb
Mladen Pelaić plays for H.N.K. Hajduk Split
Mladen Pelaić plays for N.K. Dinamo Zagreb
Josh Sole is affiliated to Zebre
Josh Sole is affiliated to Aironi
Josh Sole is affiliated to Bay of Plenty Rugby Union
Josh Sole is affiliated to Waikato Rugby Union
Josh Sole is affiliated to Rugby Viadana
Josh Sole is affiliated to Rugby Calvisano
Josh Sole is affiliated to Rugby Rovigo Delta
Josh Sole is affiliated to Crociati Parma Rugby FC
Josh Sole is affiliated to Chiefs (rugby union)
Josh Sole is affiliated to Petrarca Rugby
David Jeffrey plays for NIFL Premiership
David Jeffrey plays for Larne F.C.
David Jeffrey plays for Ards F.C.
David Jeffrey plays for Linfield F.C.
David Jeffrey plays for Northern Ireland national under-19 football team
David Jeffrey plays for Manchester United F.C.
David Jeffrey plays for Northern Ireland national football team
David Jeffrey plays for Northern Ireland national under-21 football team
David Jeffrey plays for Crusaders F.C.
David Jeffrey plays for Glentoran F.C.
Mauricio Solís has gender male
Mauricio Solís has gender female
Mauricio Solís has gender Azerbaijan
Mauricio Solís has gender Tomsk
Mauricio Solís has gender United Kingdom
Mauricio Solís has gender London
Mauricio Solís has gender Italy
Mauricio Solís has gender France
Mauricio Solís has gender Paris
Mauricio Solís has gender Republican Party (United States)
Jimmy Loughran plays for Newark Town F.C.
Jimmy Loughran plays for Barrow A.F.C.
Jimmy Loughran plays for Goole A.F.C.
Jimmy Loughran plays for York City F.C.
Jimmy Loughran plays for Hull City A.F.C.
Jimmy Loughran plays for Scarborough F.C.
Jimmy Loughran plays for Doncaster Rovers F.C.
Jimmy Loughran plays for Scunthorpe United F.C.
Jimmy Loughran plays for Darlington F.C.
Jimmy Loughran plays for Carlisle United F.C.
Georginio Wijnaldum plays for Jong PSV
Georginio Wijnaldum plays for Netherlands national under-17 football team
Georginio Wijnaldum plays for Netherlands national under-19 football team
Georginio Wijnaldum plays for Netherlands national under-21 football team
Georginio Wijnaldum plays for PSV Eindhoven
Georginio Wijnaldum plays for Sparta Rotterdam
Georginio Wijnaldum plays for Feyenoord
Georginio Wijnaldum plays for Netherlands national football team
Georginio Wijnaldum plays for P.S.V. Eindhoven
Georginio Wijnaldum plays for AFC Ajax
Belle Bennett died in Los Angeles
Belle Bennett died in New York City
"Belle Bennett died in Santa Monica, California"
Belle Bennett died in London
"Belle Bennett died in Beverly Hills, California"
Belle Bennett died in Paris
Belle Bennett died in Rome
Belle Bennett died in Chicago
Belle Bennett died in Madrid
Belle Bennett died in Mumbai
Sebastiano Rossi was born in Forlì
Sebastiano Rossi was born in Rome
Sebastiano Rossi was born in Florence
Sebastiano Rossi was born in Milan
Sebastiano Rossi was born in Perugia
Sebastiano Rossi was born in Naples
Sebastiano Rossi was born in Cesena
Sebastiano Rossi was born in Rimini
Sebastiano Rossi was born in Pisa
Sebastiano Rossi was born in Ravenna
Jamie McKenzie (footballer born 1986) plays for Chalkanoras Idaliou
Jamie McKenzie (footballer born 1986) plays for Linlithgow Rose F.C.
Jamie McKenzie (footballer born 1986) plays for Sligo Rovers F.C.
Jamie McKenzie (footballer born 1986) plays for Galway United F.C.
Jamie McKenzie (footballer born 1986) plays for Aris Limassol F.C.
Jamie McKenzie (footballer born 1986) plays for Hibernian F.C.
Jamie McKenzie (footballer born 1986) plays for Montrose F.C.
Jamie McKenzie (footballer born 1986) plays for Dundee F.C.
Jamie McKenzie (footballer born 1986) plays for East Fife F.C.
Jamie McKenzie (footballer born 1986) plays for Raith Rovers F.C.
"Champaign County, Illinois is located in Champaign County, Illinois"
"Champaign County, Illinois is located in Champaign County"
"Champaign County, Illinois is located in Urbana, Illinois"
"Champaign County, Illinois is located in United States"
"Champaign County, Illinois is located in Champaign, Illinois"
"Champaign County, Illinois is located in Illinois"
"Champaign County, Illinois is located in Champaign–Urbana metropolitan area"
"Champaign County, Illinois is located in Western United States"
"Champaign County, Illinois is located in California"
"Champaign County, Illinois is located in Europe"
Mohd Farizal Marlias plays for Malaysia national football team
Mohd Farizal Marlias plays for Shahzan Muda F.C.
Mohd Farizal Marlias plays for Perak FA
Mohd Farizal Marlias plays for Perlis FA
Mohd Farizal Marlias plays for Malaysia national under-23 football team
Mohd Farizal Marlias plays for Negeri Sembilan FA
Mohd Farizal Marlias plays for Selangor FA
Mohd Farizal Marlias plays for Pahang FA
Mohd Farizal Marlias plays for Kelantan FA
Mohd Farizal Marlias plays for Kuala Lumpur FA
Shaun Newton plays for West Ham United F.C.
Shaun Newton plays for Charlton Athletic F.C.
Shaun Newton plays for Leicester City F.C.
Shaun Newton plays for England national under-21 football team
Shaun Newton plays for Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C.
Shaun Newton plays for England national football team
Shaun Newton plays for Millwall F.C.
Shaun Newton plays for Crystal Palace F.C.
Shaun Newton plays for Tottenham Hotspur F.C.
Shaun Newton plays for Ipswich Town F.C.
Robert Gaspar is affiliated to Cockburn City SC
Robert Gaspar is affiliated to Persiba Balikpapan
Robert Gaspar is affiliated to Persita Tangerang
Robert Gaspar is affiliated to Perth SC
Robert Gaspar is affiliated to Persib Bandung
Robert Gaspar is affiliated to Sabah FA
Robert Gaspar is affiliated to Inglewood United SC
Robert Gaspar is affiliated to Perth Glory FC
Robert Gaspar is affiliated to Sydney Olympic FC
Robert Gaspar is affiliated to Persema Malang
Leo Bertos has gender male
Leo Bertos has gender female
Leo Bertos has gender United Kingdom
Leo Bertos has gender Turkey
Leo Bertos has gender France
Leo Bertos has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Leo Bertos has gender Paris
Leo Bertos has gender South Korea
Leo Bertos has gender Tomsk
Leo Bertos has gender César Award
"Hamilton, Victoria is located in Horsham, Victoria"
"Hamilton, Victoria is located in Victoria (Australia)"
"Hamilton, Victoria is located in Mount Gambier, South Australia"
"Hamilton, Victoria is located in Melbourne"
"Hamilton, Victoria is located in Australia"
"Hamilton, Victoria is located in Victoria (state)"
"Hamilton, Victoria is located in Warrnambool"
"Hamilton, Victoria is located in Hamilton, Victoria"
"Hamilton, Victoria is located in Geelong"
"Hamilton, Victoria is located in Ballarat"
Jean-Pierre Cyprien plays for Le Havre AC
Jean-Pierre Cyprien plays for AS Saint-Étienne
Jean-Pierre Cyprien plays for Olympique de Marseille
Jean-Pierre Cyprien plays for Étoile Fréjus Saint-Raphaël
Jean-Pierre Cyprien plays for Stade Rennais F.C.
Jean-Pierre Cyprien plays for U.S. Lecce
Jean-Pierre Cyprien plays for Pau FC
Jean-Pierre Cyprien plays for F.C. Crotone
Jean-Pierre Cyprien plays for Torino F.C.
Jean-Pierre Cyprien plays for France national football team
Yohei Fukumoto is affiliated to Gamba Osaka
Yohei Fukumoto is affiliated to JEF United Ichihara Chiba
Yohei Fukumoto is affiliated to Tokushima Vortis
Yohei Fukumoto is affiliated to Oita Trinita
Yohei Fukumoto is affiliated to Japan national football team
Yohei Fukumoto is affiliated to Sanfrecce Hiroshima
Yohei Fukumoto is affiliated to Cerezo Osaka
Yohei Fukumoto is affiliated to Nagoya Grampus
Yohei Fukumoto is affiliated to Japan national under-23 football team
Yohei Fukumoto is affiliated to Japan national under-20 football team
Christian Paoletti plays for F.C. Bolzano 1996
Christian Paoletti plays for A.C. Sansovino
Christian Paoletti plays for A.S.D. Nuova Cassino 1924
Christian Paoletti plays for Empoli F.C.
Christian Paoletti plays for Atletico Roma F.C.
Christian Paoletti plays for ACF Fiorentina
Christian Paoletti plays for U.S. Pistoiese 1921
Christian Paoletti plays for U.S. Latina Calcio
Christian Paoletti plays for A.S. Avellino 1912
Christian Paoletti plays for Udinese Calcio
Moestafa El Kabir plays for Jong Ajax
Moestafa El Kabir plays for Mjällby AIF
Moestafa El Kabir plays for BK Häcken
Moestafa El Kabir plays for N.E.C. (football club)
Moestafa El Kabir plays for Blauw-Wit Amsterdam
Moestafa El Kabir plays for Cagliari Calcio
Moestafa El Kabir plays for A.F.C. Ajax
Moestafa El Kabir plays for FC Utrecht
Moestafa El Kabir plays for AFC Ajax
Moestafa El Kabir plays for F.C. Utrecht
Dejan Lazarević is affiliated to Slovenia national under-19 football team
Dejan Lazarević is affiliated to Slovenia national under-17 football team
Dejan Lazarević is affiliated to NK Domžale
Dejan Lazarević is affiliated to Slovenia national under-21 football team
Dejan Lazarević is affiliated to Torino F.C. 1906
Dejan Lazarević is affiliated to Torino F.C.
Dejan Lazarević is affiliated to A.C. Chievo Verona
Dejan Lazarević is affiliated to Modena F.C.
Dejan Lazarević is affiliated to Genoa C.F.C.
Dejan Lazarević is affiliated to Calcio Padova
Sundergarh district is located in Odisha
Sundergarh district is located in United States
Sundergarh district is located in India
Sundergarh district is located in Poland
Sundergarh district is located in Iran
Sundergarh district is located in United Kingdom
Sundergarh district is located in Canada
Sundergarh district is located in Uttar Pradesh
Sundergarh district is located in China
Sundergarh district is located in Netherlands
Haveri district is located in India
Haveri district is located in United States
Haveri district is located in United Kingdom
Haveri district is located in Haveri district
Haveri district is located in China
Haveri district is located in Karnataka
Haveri district is located in Japan
Haveri district is located in Canada
Haveri district is located in Australia
Haveri district is located in Kerala
Geoff Hutt plays for HFC Haarlem
Geoff Hutt plays for Halifax Town A.F.C.
Geoff Hutt plays for Blackburn Rovers F.C.
Geoff Hutt plays for York City F.C.
Geoff Hutt plays for Huddersfield Town F.C.
Geoff Hutt plays for Sheffield United F.C.
Geoff Hutt plays for Bradford City A.F.C.
Geoff Hutt plays for Blackpool F.C.
Geoff Hutt plays for Burnley F.C.
Geoff Hutt plays for Preston North End F.C.
Faton Toski is affiliated to VfL Bochum II
Faton Toski is affiliated to Eintracht Frankfurt II
Faton Toski is affiliated to Kosovo national football team
Faton Toski is affiliated to Eintracht Frankfurt
Faton Toski is affiliated to VfL Bochum
Faton Toski is affiliated to Germany national youth football team
Faton Toski is affiliated to de/Deutsche Fußballnationalmannschaft (U-19-Junioren)
Faton Toski is affiliated to FSV Frankfurt
Faton Toski is affiliated to de/Deutsche Fußballnationalmannschaft (U-20-Männer)
Faton Toski is affiliated to de/Deutsche Fußballnationalmannschaft (U-17-Junioren)
Robert Lamm has musical role wordnet piano 103928116
Robert Lamm has musical role wordnet synthesist 110687231
Robert Lamm has musical role wordnet guitar 103467517
Robert Lamm has musical role wordnet vocal music 107282006
Robert Lamm has musical role wordnet harmonica 103494278
Robert Lamm has musical role wordnet drum 103249569
Robert Lamm has musical role wordnet percussion 100545059
Robert Lamm has musical role wordnet keyboard 103614007
Robert Lamm has musical role wordnet bass guitar 102804123
Robert Lamm has musical role wordnet violin 104536866
Hatem Aqel was born in Amman
Hatem Aqel was born in Rio de Janeiro
Hatem Aqel was born in São Paulo
Hatem Aqel was born in Baghdad
Hatem Aqel was born in London
Hatem Aqel was born in Abidjan
Hatem Aqel was born in Riyadh
Hatem Aqel was born in Belgrade
Hatem Aqel was born in Lagos
"Hatem Aqel was born in Salvador, Bahia"
Shane Cansdell-Sherriff is affiliated to Australia national under-17 association football team
Shane Cansdell-Sherriff is affiliated to Australia national under-23 association football team
Shane Cansdell-Sherriff is affiliated to Leeds United A.F.C.
Shane Cansdell-Sherriff is affiliated to Tranmere Rovers F.C.
Shane Cansdell-Sherriff is affiliated to Preston North End F.C.
Shane Cansdell-Sherriff is affiliated to Rochdale A.F.C.
Shane Cansdell-Sherriff is affiliated to Shrewsbury Town F.C.
Shane Cansdell-Sherriff is affiliated to Aarhus Gymnastikforening
Shane Cansdell-Sherriff is affiliated to Burton Albion F.C.
Shane Cansdell-Sherriff is affiliated to Australia national under-20 association football team
Gene Ha has won prize Eisner Award
Gene Ha has won prize Harvey Award
Gene Ha has won prize Golden Globe Award
Gene Ha has won prize Emmy Award
Gene Ha has won prize Grammy Award
Gene Ha has won prize Primetime Emmy Award
Gene Ha has won prize Inkpot Award
Gene Ha has won prize Writers Guild of America Award
Gene Ha has won prize Edgar Award
Gene Ha has won prize Prometheus Award
Alban Ramaj is affiliated to Würzburger FV
Alban Ramaj is affiliated to Würzburger Kickers
Alban Ramaj is affiliated to FC Erzgebirge Aue
Alban Ramaj is affiliated to Kickers Emden
Alban Ramaj is affiliated to FC Energie Cottbus
Alban Ramaj is affiliated to FC Carl Zeiss Jena
Alban Ramaj is affiliated to FC 08 Homburg
Alban Ramaj is affiliated to TSV 1860 München II
Alban Ramaj is affiliated to TSV 1860 München
Alban Ramaj is affiliated to Albania national under-21 football team
Joe McLaughlin (footballer) is affiliated to St. Mirren F.C.
Joe McLaughlin (footballer) is affiliated to Clydebank F.C.
Joe McLaughlin (footballer) is affiliated to Hibernian F.C.
Joe McLaughlin (footballer) is affiliated to Falkirk F.C.
Joe McLaughlin (footballer) is affiliated to Charlton Athletic F.C.
Joe McLaughlin (footballer) is affiliated to Watford F.C.
Joe McLaughlin (footballer) is affiliated to Chelsea F.C.
Joe McLaughlin (footballer) is affiliated to Greenock Morton F.C.
Joe McLaughlin (footballer) is affiliated to Scotland national football team
Joe McLaughlin (footballer) is affiliated to Partick Thistle F.C.
Jan Brewer has gender male
Jan Brewer has gender female
Jan Brewer has gender Bulgaria
Jan Brewer has gender Turkey
Jan Brewer has gender United Kingdom
Jan Brewer has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Jan Brewer has gender Africa
Jan Brewer has gender Europe
Jan Brewer has gender Romania
Jan Brewer has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Salif Diao is affiliated to SAS Épinal
Salif Diao is affiliated to C.S. Sedan Ardennes
Salif Diao is affiliated to CS Sedan Ardennes
Salif Diao is affiliated to Portsmouth F.C.
Salif Diao is affiliated to Stoke City F.C.
Salif Diao is affiliated to AS Monaco FC
Salif Diao is affiliated to Liverpool F.C.
Salif Diao is affiliated to Birmingham City F.C.
Salif Diao is affiliated to A.S. Monaco F.C.
Salif Diao is affiliated to Senegal national football team
Jackie McNamara is affiliated to Dunfermline Athletic F.C.
Jackie McNamara is affiliated to Celtic F.C.
Jackie McNamara is affiliated to Partick Thistle F.C.
Jackie McNamara is affiliated to Aberdeen F.C.
Jackie McNamara is affiliated to Scotland national football team
Jackie McNamara is affiliated to Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C.
Jackie McNamara is affiliated to Dundee United F.C.
Jackie McNamara is affiliated to Falkirk F.C.
Jackie McNamara is affiliated to Scotland national under-21 football team
Jackie McNamara is affiliated to Scottish Football League XI
North Savonia is located in Eastern Finland
North Savonia is located in Kuopio
North Savonia is located in North Savonia
North Savonia is located in Northern Savonia
North Savonia is located in Varkaus
North Savonia is located in Suonenjoki
North Savonia is located in Iisalmi
North Savonia is located in Mikkeli
North Savonia is located in Finland
North Savonia is located in North Karelia
Kazuhiro Suzuki plays for Japan national under-17 football team
Kazuhiro Suzuki plays for Kyoto Sanga F.C.
Kazuhiro Suzuki plays for Japan national under-20 football team
Kazuhiro Suzuki plays for Mito HollyHock
Kazuhiro Suzuki plays for JEF United Ichihara Chiba
Kazuhiro Suzuki plays for Japan national under-23 football team
Kazuhiro Suzuki plays for Japan national football team
Kazuhiro Suzuki plays for Vissel Kobe
Kazuhiro Suzuki plays for Gamba Osaka
Kazuhiro Suzuki plays for Tokyo Verdy
Javier Manjarín is affiliated to Spain national under-21 football team
Javier Manjarín is affiliated to Spain national under-23 football team
Javier Manjarín is affiliated to Racing de Santander
Javier Manjarín is affiliated to Atlético Celaya
Javier Manjarín is affiliated to Sporting de Gijón
Javier Manjarín is affiliated to Racing Club de Santander
Javier Manjarín is affiliated to Spain national under-20 football team
Javier Manjarín is affiliated to R.C. Deportivo de La Coruña
Javier Manjarín is affiliated to Deportivo de La Coruña
Javier Manjarín is affiliated to Santos Laguna
Kamil Agalarov has gender male
Kamil Agalarov has gender female
Kamil Agalarov has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Kamil Agalarov has gender Golden Globe Award
Kamil Agalarov has gender César Award
Kamil Agalarov has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Kamil Agalarov has gender United Kingdom
Kamil Agalarov has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Kamil Agalarov has gender London Heathrow Terminal 3
Kamil Agalarov has gender London
Chadli Amri has gender male
Chadli Amri has gender female
Chadli Amri has gender Tomsk
Chadli Amri has gender Democratic Party (United States)
Chadli Amri has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Chadli Amri has gender United Kingdom
Chadli Amri has gender Turkey
Chadli Amri has gender London Heathrow Terminal 3
Chadli Amri has gender Republican Party (United States)
Chadli Amri has gender France
Grzegorz Szamotulski was born in Szczecin
Grzegorz Szamotulski was born in Poznań
Grzegorz Szamotulski was born in Łódź
Grzegorz Szamotulski was born in Gdańsk
Grzegorz Szamotulski was born in Kraków
Grzegorz Szamotulski was born in Warsaw
Grzegorz Szamotulski was born in Gdynia
Grzegorz Szamotulski was born in Wrocław
Grzegorz Szamotulski was born in Elbląg
Grzegorz Szamotulski was born in Vienna
Walter Weiler is affiliated to Switzerland national football team
Walter Weiler is affiliated to Grasshopper Club Zürich
Walter Weiler is affiliated to Le Havre AC
Walter Weiler is affiliated to Le Havre A.C.
Walter Weiler is affiliated to Switzerland national under-21 football team
Walter Weiler is affiliated to FC Zürich
Walter Weiler is affiliated to Servette FC
Walter Weiler is affiliated to BSC Young Boys
Walter Weiler is affiliated to FC Basel
Walter Weiler is affiliated to Neuchâtel Xamax
Gackt has musical role wordnet violin 104536866
Gackt has musical role wordnet guitar 103467517
Gackt has musical role wordnet bass guitar 102804123
Gackt has musical role wordnet piano 103928116
Gackt has musical role wordnet vocal music 107282006
Gackt has musical role wordnet drum 103249569
Gackt has musical role wordnet harmonica 103494278
Gackt has musical role wordnet synthesist 110687231
Gackt has musical role wordnet keyboard 103614007
Gackt has musical role wordnet mandolin 103716966
César Augusto Rivas plays for Fortaleza F.C.
César Augusto Rivas plays for Deportes Tolima
César Augusto Rivas plays for Deportivo Pereira
César Augusto Rivas plays for Independiente Medellín
César Augusto Rivas plays for Equatorial Guinea national football team
César Augusto Rivas plays for América de Cali
César Augusto Rivas plays for Deportivo Pasto
César Augusto Rivas plays for Colombia national football team
César Augusto Rivas plays for Independiente Santa Fe
César Augusto Rivas plays for Deportivo Cali
Charles XIII of Sweden has gender male
Charles XIII of Sweden has gender female
Charles XIII of Sweden has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Charles XIII of Sweden has gender Tomsk
Charles XIII of Sweden has gender Turkey
Charles XIII of Sweden has gender Bulgaria
Charles XIII of Sweden has gender United Kingdom
Charles XIII of Sweden has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Charles XIII of Sweden has gender London Heathrow Terminal 3
Charles XIII of Sweden has gender Order of the Holy Spirit
Stuart Mason is affiliated to Oswestry Town F.C.
Stuart Mason is affiliated to Rhyl F.C.
Stuart Mason is affiliated to Chester City F.C.
Stuart Mason is affiliated to Wrexham F.C.
Stuart Mason is affiliated to Crewe Alexandra F.C.
Stuart Mason is affiliated to Liverpool F.C.
Stuart Mason is affiliated to Bangor City F.C.
Stuart Mason is affiliated to Rochdale A.F.C.
Stuart Mason is affiliated to Doncaster Rovers F.C.
Stuart Mason is affiliated to Stockport County F.C.
Christopher Dibon is affiliated to Austria national under-21 football team
Christopher Dibon is affiliated to SK Schwadorf
Christopher Dibon is affiliated to Austria national football team
Christopher Dibon is affiliated to Austria national under-19 football team
Christopher Dibon is affiliated to SK Admira Wien
Christopher Dibon is affiliated to FC Admira Wacker Mödling
Christopher Dibon is affiliated to SK Rapid Wien
Christopher Dibon is affiliated to FC Red Bull Salzburg
Christopher Dibon is affiliated to F.C. Red Bull Salzburg
Christopher Dibon is affiliated to FK Austria Wien
Desmond Tachie plays for Edmonton Aviators
Desmond Tachie plays for Kaposvölgye VSC
Desmond Tachie plays for Toronto Lynx
Desmond Tachie plays for Ottawa Fury FC
Desmond Tachie plays for Fremad Amager
Desmond Tachie plays for Charlotte Eagles
Desmond Tachie plays for AaB Fodbold
Desmond Tachie plays for Vancouver Whitecaps (1986–2010)
Desmond Tachie plays for Montreal Impact
Desmond Tachie plays for Canada men's national under-20 soccer team
Alexandre Comisetti has gender male
Alexandre Comisetti has gender female
Alexandre Comisetti has gender United Kingdom
Alexandre Comisetti has gender Azerbaijan
Alexandre Comisetti has gender Tomsk
Alexandre Comisetti has gender Ukraine
Alexandre Comisetti has gender Turkey
Alexandre Comisetti has gender Hong Kong
Alexandre Comisetti has gender United States
Alexandre Comisetti has gender Africa
Terry Connor plays for Leeds United A.F.C.
Terry Connor plays for Bristol City F.C.
Terry Connor plays for Brighton & Hove Albion F.C.
Terry Connor plays for Yeovil Town F.C.
Terry Connor plays for Portsmouth F.C.
Terry Connor plays for Swansea City A.F.C.
Terry Connor plays for Ipswich Town F.C.
Terry Connor plays for Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C.
Terry Connor plays for Leeds City F.C.
Terry Connor plays for England national under-21 football team
Manuel Bühler plays for Yverdon-Sport FC
Manuel Bühler plays for Neuchâtel Xamax
Manuel Bühler plays for FC Chiasso
Manuel Bühler plays for FC Aarau
Manuel Bühler plays for Grasshopper Club Zürich
Manuel Bühler plays for FC Sion
Manuel Bühler plays for Switzerland national under-21 football team
Manuel Bühler plays for Switzerland national football team
Manuel Bühler plays for FC Zürich
Manuel Bühler plays for FC Lausanne-Sport
Edson Buddle plays for LA Galaxy
Edson Buddle plays for Toronto FC
Edson Buddle plays for Columbus Crew
Edson Buddle plays for Colorado Rapids
Edson Buddle plays for United States men's national under-20 soccer team
Edson Buddle plays for New York Red Bulls
Edson Buddle plays for United States men's national under-23 soccer team
Edson Buddle plays for United States men's national soccer team
Edson Buddle plays for FC Ingolstadt 04
Edson Buddle plays for United States national soccer team
Scott Mitchell (footballer) plays for Lowestoft Town F.C.
Scott Mitchell (footballer) plays for King's Lynn F.C.
Scott Mitchell (footballer) plays for Rushden & Diamonds F.C.
Scott Mitchell (footballer) plays for Ipswich Town F.C.
Scott Mitchell (footballer) plays for Stevenage F.C.
Scott Mitchell (footballer) plays for Livingston F.C.
Scott Mitchell (footballer) plays for Peterborough United F.C.
Scott Mitchell (footballer) plays for Norwich City F.C.
Scott Mitchell (footballer) plays for Cambridge United F.C.
Scott Mitchell (footballer) plays for Boston United F.C.
Omar de Jesús is affiliated to Ecuador national football team
Omar de Jesús is affiliated to Club Deportivo El Nacional
Omar de Jesús is affiliated to Barcelona Sporting Club
Omar de Jesús is affiliated to Sociedad Deportiva Aucas
Omar de Jesús is affiliated to LDU Quito
Omar de Jesús is affiliated to Club Sport Emelec
Omar de Jesús is affiliated to Deportivo Quito
Omar de Jesús is affiliated to Deportivo Cuenca
Omar de Jesús is affiliated to Club Social y Deportivo Macará
Omar de Jesús is affiliated to Club Deportivo ESPOLI
Erwan Quintin plays for Vannes OC
Erwan Quintin plays for Nîmes Olympique
Erwan Quintin plays for AC Arles-Avignon
Erwan Quintin plays for FC Girondins de Bordeaux
Erwan Quintin plays for Nîmes Olympique F.C.
Erwan Quintin plays for Brittany national football team
Erwan Quintin plays for L'Entente SSG
Erwan Quintin plays for F.C. Girondins de Bordeaux
Erwan Quintin plays for Football Club Libourne
Erwan Quintin plays for Stade Lavallois
Constantine II of Greece was born in London
Constantine II of Greece was born in Paris
Constantine II of Greece was born in Vienna
Constantine II of Greece was born in Madrid
Constantine II of Greece was born in New York City
Constantine II of Greece was born in Athens
Constantine II of Greece was born in Rome
Constantine II of Greece was born in Munich
Constantine II of Greece was born in Berlin
Constantine II of Greece was born in Copenhagen
Robert Flemyng was born in London
Robert Flemyng was born in New York City
Robert Flemyng was born in Chicago
Robert Flemyng was born in Paris
Robert Flemyng was born in Los Angeles
Robert Flemyng was born in Liverpool
Robert Flemyng was born in Birmingham
Robert Flemyng was born in Philadelphia
Robert Flemyng was born in Dublin
Robert Flemyng was born in Bristol
Woo Sung-yong plays for Ajou University
Woo Sung-yong plays for Busan IPark
Woo Sung-yong plays for South Korea national football team
Woo Sung-yong plays for Seongnam FC
Woo Sung-yong plays for Incheon United FC
Woo Sung-yong plays for Ulsan Hyundai FC
Woo Sung-yong plays for South Korea national under-23 football team
Woo Sung-yong plays for Pohang Steelers
Woo Sung-yong plays for Sangju Sangmu FC
Woo Sung-yong plays for FC Seoul
Cristiano Alves Pereira is affiliated to Caxias Futebol Clube
Cristiano Alves Pereira is affiliated to Grêmio Esportivo Juventus
Cristiano Alves Pereira is affiliated to Associação Chapecoense de Futebol
Cristiano Alves Pereira is affiliated to Clube Atlético Metropolitano
Cristiano Alves Pereira is affiliated to Imbituba Futebol Clube
Cristiano Alves Pereira is affiliated to F.C. Rieti
Cristiano Alves Pereira is affiliated to Clube Náutico Marcílio Dias
Cristiano Alves Pereira is affiliated to Brusque Futebol Clube
Cristiano Alves Pereira is affiliated to Goiânia Esporte Clube
Cristiano Alves Pereira is affiliated to Joinville Esporte Clube
Ruslan Rotan has gender male
Ruslan Rotan has gender female
Ruslan Rotan has gender United Kingdom
Ruslan Rotan has gender Erasmus Prize
Ruslan Rotan has gender César Award
Ruslan Rotan has gender Azerbaijan
Ruslan Rotan has gender London
Ruslan Rotan has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Ruslan Rotan has gender Turkey
Ruslan Rotan has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Alexandre Edílson de Freitas is affiliated to FC Rapperswil-Jona
Alexandre Edílson de Freitas is affiliated to FC Kreuzlingen
Alexandre Edílson de Freitas is affiliated to FC Gossau
Alexandre Edílson de Freitas is affiliated to FC Baden
Alexandre Edílson de Freitas is affiliated to FC Aarau
Alexandre Edílson de Freitas is affiliated to SV Darmstadt 98
Alexandre Edílson de Freitas is affiliated to SC Young Fellows Juventus
Alexandre Edílson de Freitas is affiliated to FC Luzern
Alexandre Edílson de Freitas is affiliated to FC St. Gallen
Alexandre Edílson de Freitas is affiliated to FC Basel
Luca Tognozzi is affiliated to A.C. Sansovino
Luca Tognozzi is affiliated to A.S.D. SanGiovanniValdarno
Luca Tognozzi is affiliated to Montevarchi Calcio Aquila 1902
Luca Tognozzi is affiliated to Sorrento Calcio
Luca Tognozzi is affiliated to Delfino Pescara 1936
Luca Tognozzi is affiliated to Reggina Calcio
Luca Tognozzi is affiliated to Brescia Calcio
Luca Tognozzi is affiliated to A.S.D. Olimpia Colligiana
Luca Tognozzi is affiliated to ACF Fiorentina
Luca Tognozzi is affiliated to A.C.F. Fiorentina
Lucas Bernardi is affiliated to C.A. Newell's Old Boys
Lucas Bernardi is affiliated to AS Monaco FC
Lucas Bernardi is affiliated to A.S. Monaco F.C.
Lucas Bernardi is affiliated to Olympique de Marseille
Lucas Bernardi is affiliated to Newell's Old Boys
Lucas Bernardi is affiliated to Argentina national football team
Lucas Bernardi is affiliated to France national football team
Lucas Bernardi is affiliated to C.A. River Plate
Lucas Bernardi is affiliated to Boca Juniors
Lucas Bernardi is affiliated to Club Atlético River Plate
Oleksandr Sytnik is affiliated to FC Olimpik Donetsk
Oleksandr Sytnik is affiliated to FC Stal Dniprodzerzhynsk
Oleksandr Sytnik is affiliated to FC Zirka Kirovohrad
Oleksandr Sytnik is affiliated to FC Shakhtar-3 Donetsk
Oleksandr Sytnik is affiliated to FC Shakhtar-2 Donetsk
Oleksandr Sytnik is affiliated to FC Hoverla Uzhhorod
Oleksandr Sytnik is affiliated to FC Metalurh Donetsk
Oleksandr Sytnik is affiliated to FC Kaisar
Oleksandr Sytnik is affiliated to F.C. Shakhtar Donetsk
Oleksandr Sytnik is affiliated to FC Shakhtar Donetsk
"Cañon City, Colorado is located in Colorado"
"Cañon City, Colorado is located in United States"
"Cañon City, Colorado is located in California"
"Cañon City, Colorado is located in Fremont County, Colorado"
"Cañon City, Colorado is located in Canada"
"Cañon City, Colorado is located in United Kingdom"
"Cañon City, Colorado is located in France"
"Cañon City, Colorado is located in Indiana"
"Cañon City, Colorado is located in Italy"
"Cañon City, Colorado is located in Pennsylvania"
Thomas Helveg is affiliated to Denmark national football team
Thomas Helveg is affiliated to Odense Boldklub
Thomas Helveg is affiliated to Dalum IF
Thomas Helveg is affiliated to Denmark national under-21 football team
Thomas Helveg is affiliated to A.C. Milan
Thomas Helveg is affiliated to Udinese Calcio
Thomas Helveg is affiliated to Norwich City F.C.
Thomas Helveg is affiliated to Inter Milan
Thomas Helveg is affiliated to Borussia Mönchengladbach
Thomas Helveg is affiliated to Denmark national under-19 football team
John Avalos is affiliated to Democratic Party (United States)
John Avalos is affiliated to Republican Party (United States)
John Avalos is affiliated to California Democratic Party
John Avalos is affiliated to Huddersfield Town F.C.
John Avalos is affiliated to Germany national football team
John Avalos is affiliated to Germany national under-21 football team
John Avalos is affiliated to A.C. Milan
John Avalos is affiliated to Birmingham City F.C.
John Avalos is affiliated to FC Bayern Munich
John Avalos is affiliated to Lega Basket Serie A
Louis L'Amour died in Los Angeles
"Louis L'Amour died in Jamestown, North Dakota"
Louis L'Amour died in New York City
Louis L'Amour died in Paris
Louis L'Amour died in London
"Louis L'Amour died in Beverly Hills, California"
"Louis L'Amour died in Santa Monica, California"
Louis L'Amour died in Chicago
Louis L'Amour died in San Francisco
"Louis L'Amour died in Pasadena, California"
"Biga, Çanakkale is located in Çanakkale"
"Biga, Çanakkale is located in Çanakkale Province"
"Biga, Çanakkale is located in Marmara (region)"
"Biga, Çanakkale is located in Marmara Region"
"Biga, Çanakkale is located in Biga, Çanakkale"
"Biga, Çanakkale is located in Turkey"
"Biga, Çanakkale is located in Kocaeli Province"
"Biga, Çanakkale is located in Bursa Province"
"Biga, Çanakkale is located in Gelibolu"
"Biga, Çanakkale is located in United States"
Gary Browne is affiliated to Coleraine F.C.
Gary Browne is affiliated to Glentoran F.C.
Gary Browne is affiliated to Lisburn Distillery F.C.
Gary Browne is affiliated to Linfield F.C.
Gary Browne is affiliated to Northern Ireland national under-21 football team
Gary Browne is affiliated to York City F.C.
Gary Browne is affiliated to Manchester City F.C.
Gary Browne is affiliated to Northern Ireland national football team
Gary Browne is affiliated to Whitby Town F.C.
Gary Browne is affiliated to Northern Ireland national football B team
"Fort Meade, Florida is located in Polk County, Florida"
"Fort Meade, Florida is located in Polk County (Florida)"
"Fort Meade, Florida is located in United States"
"Fort Meade, Florida is located in Florida"
"Fort Meade, Florida is located in United Kingdom"
"Fort Meade, Florida is located in Germany"
"Fort Meade, Florida is located in Poland"
"Fort Meade, Florida is located in California"
"Fort Meade, Florida is located in India"
"Fort Meade, Florida is located in France"
Jordi Pablo Ripollés plays for Villarreal CF C
Jordi Pablo Ripollés plays for La Roda CF
Jordi Pablo Ripollés plays for Villarreal CF B
Jordi Pablo Ripollés plays for Villarreal CF
Jordi Pablo Ripollés plays for Málaga CF
Jordi Pablo Ripollés plays for FC Cartagena
Jordi Pablo Ripollés plays for Spain national under-17 football team
Jordi Pablo Ripollés plays for Spain national under-16 football team
Jordi Pablo Ripollés plays for Spain national under-19 football team
Jordi Pablo Ripollés plays for Atlético Madrid B
Nikolai Ryzhkov is affiliated to Independent (politician)
Nikolai Ryzhkov is affiliated to Communist Party of the Soviet Union
Nikolai Ryzhkov is affiliated to United Russia
Nikolai Ryzhkov is affiliated to Republican Party (United States)
Nikolai Ryzhkov is affiliated to Democratic Party (United States)
Nikolai Ryzhkov is affiliated to Simon Lynch
Nikolai Ryzhkov is affiliated to Manager (association football)
Nikolai Ryzhkov is affiliated to Labour Party (UK)
Nikolai Ryzhkov is affiliated to F.C. Dynamo Kyiv
Nikolai Ryzhkov is affiliated to New York Rangers
Ondigui Adams is affiliated to Camboriú Futebol Clube
Ondigui Adams is affiliated to Associação Atlética Portuguesa (Santos)
Ondigui Adams is affiliated to Sport Club do Recife
Ondigui Adams is affiliated to Grêmio Foot-Ball Porto Alegrense
Ondigui Adams is affiliated to Santos FC
Ondigui Adams is affiliated to Santos F.C.
Ondigui Adams is affiliated to Associação Portuguesa de Desportos
Ondigui Adams is affiliated to Cameroon national football team
Ondigui Adams is affiliated to Guarani Futebol Clube
Ondigui Adams is affiliated to São Paulo FC
Bonaventure Airport is connected to Sept-Îles Airport
Bonaventure Airport is connected to Montréal/Saint-Hubert Airport
Bonaventure Airport is connected to Mont-Joli Airport
Bonaventure Airport is connected to Wabush Airport
Bonaventure Airport is connected to Îles-de-la-Madeleine Airport
Bonaventure Airport is connected to Baie-Comeau Airport
Bonaventure Airport is connected to Québec City Jean Lesage International Airport
Bonaventure Airport is connected to Bathurst Airport (New Brunswick)
Bonaventure Airport is connected to Rouyn-Noranda Airport
Bonaventure Airport is connected to Havre Saint-Pierre Airport
Matthias Holst plays for FC Rot-Weiß Erfurt
Matthias Holst plays for SC Paderborn 07
Matthias Holst plays for F.C. Hansa Rostock
Matthias Holst plays for Hansa Rostock
Matthias Holst plays for Hamburger SV
Matthias Holst plays for Hamburger SV II
Matthias Holst plays for FC Carl Zeiss Jena
Matthias Holst plays for Dynamo Dresden
Matthias Holst plays for VfL Osnabrück
Matthias Holst plays for Holstein Kiel
David Sinclair (footballer born 1969) plays for Forfar Athletic F.C.
David Sinclair (footballer born 1969) plays for Livingston F.C.
David Sinclair (footballer born 1969) plays for Portadown F.C.
David Sinclair (footballer born 1969) plays for Dundee United F.C.
David Sinclair (footballer born 1969) plays for Raith Rovers F.C.
David Sinclair (footballer born 1969) plays for Millwall F.C.
David Sinclair (footballer born 1969) plays for Falkirk F.C.
David Sinclair (footballer born 1969) plays for Dundee F.C.
David Sinclair (footballer born 1969) plays for St. Johnstone F.C.
David Sinclair (footballer born 1969) plays for Dunfermline Athletic F.C.
Andrea Esposito is affiliated to U.S. Sambenedettese 1923
Andrea Esposito is affiliated to A.S. Livorno Calcio
Andrea Esposito is affiliated to Bologna F.C. 1909
Andrea Esposito is affiliated to Genoa C.F.C.
Andrea Esposito is affiliated to U.S. Latina Calcio
Andrea Esposito is affiliated to U.S. Lecce
Andrea Esposito is affiliated to Parma F.C.
Andrea Esposito is affiliated to A.S. Roma
Andrea Esposito is affiliated to Italy national under-21 football team
Andrea Esposito is affiliated to U.S. Città di Palermo
Edmund Crouchback was born in Bayonne
Edmund Crouchback was born in London
Edmund Crouchback was born in Paris
Edmund Crouchback was born in Saint-Germain-en-Laye
Edmund Crouchback was born in New York City
Edmund Crouchback was born in Blois
Edmund Crouchback was born in Aix-en-Provence
Edmund Crouchback was born in Chicago
Edmund Crouchback was born in Versailles
Edmund Crouchback was born in Vienna
Martín Romagnoli plays for Quilmes Atlético Club
Martín Romagnoli plays for Club Atlético Colón
Martín Romagnoli plays for All Boys
Martín Romagnoli plays for Argentina national football team
Martín Romagnoli plays for CD Badajoz
Martín Romagnoli plays for Club Universidad Nacional
Martín Romagnoli plays for Deportivo Toluca F.C.
Martín Romagnoli plays for Racing Club de Avellaneda
Martín Romagnoli plays for Quilmes A.C.
Martín Romagnoli plays for Boca Juniors
Vittorio Pozzo plays for Grasshopper Club Zürich
Vittorio Pozzo plays for Torino F.C.
Vittorio Pozzo plays for A.C. Milan
Vittorio Pozzo plays for Italy national football team
Vittorio Pozzo plays for Torino F.C. 1906
Vittorio Pozzo plays for Juventus F.C.
Vittorio Pozzo plays for Inter Milan
Vittorio Pozzo plays for Italy national under-21 football team
Vittorio Pozzo plays for A.S. Roma
Vittorio Pozzo plays for Switzerland national football team
Christian McClean plays for F.C. Clacton
Christian McClean plays for Sudbury Town F.C.
Christian McClean plays for Heybridge Swifts F.C.
Christian McClean plays for Chelmsford City F.C.
Christian McClean plays for Northampton Town F.C.
Christian McClean plays for Swansea City A.F.C.
Christian McClean plays for Bristol Rovers F.C.
Christian McClean plays for Colchester United F.C.
Christian McClean plays for Cambridge United F.C.
Christian McClean plays for Ipswich Town F.C.
Alan Lowenthal lives in Long Beach
"Alan Lowenthal lives in Long Beach, California"
Alan Lowenthal lives in New York City
Alan Lowenthal lives in Los Angeles
Alan Lowenthal lives in California
Alan Lowenthal lives in United States
"Alan Lowenthal lives in Washington, D.C."
Alan Lowenthal lives in Chicago
Alan Lowenthal lives in San Francisco
"Alan Lowenthal lives in Santa Monica, California"
Ciriaco Sforza plays for FC Wohlen
Ciriaco Sforza plays for FC Aarau
Ciriaco Sforza plays for Switzerland national football team
Ciriaco Sforza plays for FC Luzern
Ciriaco Sforza plays for 1. FC Kaiserslautern
Ciriaco Sforza plays for Grasshopper Club Zürich
Ciriaco Sforza plays for FC Bayern Munich
Ciriaco Sforza plays for Inter Milan
Ciriaco Sforza plays for FC Zürich
Ciriaco Sforza plays for BSC Young Boys
Constantine IX Monomachos has child Constantine IX Monomachos
Constantine IX Monomachos has child Zoe Porphyrogenita
Constantine IX Monomachos has child Irene Angelina
Constantine IX Monomachos has child Constantine VIII
Constantine IX Monomachos has child Andronikos III Palaiologos
Constantine IX Monomachos has child Theodore I Laskaris
Constantine IX Monomachos has child Ibrahim of the Ottoman Empire
Constantine IX Monomachos has child Manuel II Palaiologos
Constantine IX Monomachos has child Nikephoros II Phokas
Constantine IX Monomachos has child Leo VI the Wise
Diego Cochas is affiliated to Deportivo Pereira
Diego Cochas is affiliated to La Equidad
Diego Cochas is affiliated to Cúcuta Deportivo
Diego Cochas is affiliated to Defensores de Belgrano
Diego Cochas is affiliated to Deportes Tolima
Diego Cochas is affiliated to Millonarios Fútbol Club
Diego Cochas is affiliated to Club Ferro Carril Oeste
Diego Cochas is affiliated to Club Atlético Nueva Chicago
Diego Cochas is affiliated to Club Atlético Huracán
Diego Cochas is affiliated to Club Atlético River Plate
Lamin Conteh plays for Chanthaburi F.C.
Lamin Conteh plays for Fujairah SC
Lamin Conteh plays for Perlis FA
Lamin Conteh plays for Negeri Sembilan FA
Lamin Conteh plays for Pelita Bandung Raya
Lamin Conteh plays for SV Meppen
Lamin Conteh plays for K. Beerschot V.A.C.
Lamin Conteh plays for Al-Wahda S.C.C.
Lamin Conteh plays for Varzim S.C.
Lamin Conteh plays for Sierra Leone national football team
Waldemar Young has gender male
Waldemar Young has gender female
Waldemar Young has gender United Kingdom
Waldemar Young has gender Azerbaijan
Waldemar Young has gender Turkey
Waldemar Young has gender France
Waldemar Young has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Waldemar Young has gender Africa
Waldemar Young has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Waldemar Young has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Hassoun Camara is affiliated to Montreal Impact (1992–2011)
Hassoun Camara is affiliated to Olympique Noisy-le-Sec
Hassoun Camara is affiliated to SC Bastia
Hassoun Camara is affiliated to S.C. Bastia
Hassoun Camara is affiliated to Olympique de Marseille
Hassoun Camara is affiliated to Montreal Impact
Hassoun Camara is affiliated to Paris Saint-Germain F.C.
Hassoun Camara is affiliated to AS Cannes
Hassoun Camara is affiliated to US Créteil-Lusitanos
Hassoun Camara is affiliated to France national football team
Daryl Clare is affiliated to Boston Town F.C.
Daryl Clare is affiliated to Boston United F.C.
Daryl Clare is affiliated to Alfreton Town F.C.
Daryl Clare is affiliated to Grimsby Town F.C.
Daryl Clare is affiliated to Gainsborough Trinity F.C.
Daryl Clare is affiliated to Mansfield Town F.C.
Daryl Clare is affiliated to Northampton Town F.C.
Daryl Clare is affiliated to Crawley Town F.C.
Daryl Clare is affiliated to Cambridge United F.C.
Daryl Clare is affiliated to Rushden & Diamonds F.C.
Maniche plays for Portugal national football team
Maniche plays for S.L. Benfica
Maniche plays for Portugal national under-21 football team
Maniche plays for F.C. Alverca
Maniche plays for Sporting Clube de Portugal
Maniche plays for F.C. Porto
Maniche plays for Atlético Madrid
Maniche plays for 1. FC Köln
Maniche plays for Chelsea F.C.
Maniche plays for Inter Milan
Adam Newbold is affiliated to Hucknall Town F.C.
Adam Newbold is affiliated to Stalybridge Celtic F.C.
Adam Newbold is affiliated to Ballarat Red Devils
Adam Newbold is affiliated to Tamworth F.C.
Adam Newbold is affiliated to Nottingham Forest F.C.
Adam Newbold is affiliated to Notts County F.C.
Adam Newbold is affiliated to Doncaster Rovers F.C.
Adam Newbold is affiliated to Lincoln City F.C.
Adam Newbold is affiliated to Northwich Victoria F.C.
Adam Newbold is affiliated to Birmingham City F.C.
Derk Boerrigter plays for FC Twente
Derk Boerrigter plays for HFC Haarlem
Derk Boerrigter plays for RKC Waalwijk
Derk Boerrigter plays for Celtic F.C.
Derk Boerrigter plays for A.F.C. Ajax
Derk Boerrigter plays for PEC Zwolle
Derk Boerrigter plays for AFC Ajax
Derk Boerrigter plays for nl/Voetbalacademie FC Twente
Derk Boerrigter plays for Netherlands national football team
Derk Boerrigter plays for Netherlands national under-21 football team
Eduardo Magnin plays for Club Atlético Patronato
Eduardo Magnin plays for CD Badajoz
Eduardo Magnin plays for Club Atlético Nueva Chicago
Eduardo Magnin plays for Club Atlético Huracán
Eduardo Magnin plays for Unión de Santa Fe
Eduardo Magnin plays for Club Olimpia
Eduardo Magnin plays for Deportivo Saprissa
Eduardo Magnin plays for Club Atlético Independiente
Eduardo Magnin plays for Racing Club de Avellaneda
Eduardo Magnin plays for Chacarita Juniors
Réda Johnson plays for Benin national football team
Réda Johnson plays for Amiens SC
Réda Johnson plays for Sheffield Wednesday F.C.
Réda Johnson plays for Plymouth Argyle F.C.
Réda Johnson plays for FC Gueugnon
Réda Johnson plays for FC Martigues
Réda Johnson plays for Chamois Niortais F.C.
Réda Johnson plays for FC Rouen
Réda Johnson plays for AS Cannes
Réda Johnson plays for AS Beauvais Oise
Ronnie Burke plays for Biggleswade Town F.C.
Ronnie Burke plays for Tunbridge Wells F.C.
Ronnie Burke plays for Luton Town F.C.
Ronnie Burke plays for Exeter City F.C.
Ronnie Burke plays for Manchester United F.C.
Ronnie Burke plays for Huddersfield Town F.C.
Ronnie Burke plays for St Albans City F.C.
Ronnie Burke plays for Rotherham United F.C.
Ronnie Burke plays for Peterborough United F.C.
Ronnie Burke plays for Southend United F.C.
Yevhen Levchenko plays for Willem II (football club)
Yevhen Levchenko plays for Helmond Sport
Yevhen Levchenko plays for SC Cambuur
Yevhen Levchenko plays for FC Saturn Ramenskoye
Yevhen Levchenko plays for Sparta Rotterdam
Yevhen Levchenko plays for FC Groningen
Yevhen Levchenko plays for FC Shakhtar-2 Donetsk
Yevhen Levchenko plays for Ukraine national football team
Yevhen Levchenko plays for Adelaide United FC
Yevhen Levchenko plays for Vitesse
Gökhan Süzen plays for Galatasaray A2
Gökhan Süzen plays for İstanbul Başakşehir F.K.
Gökhan Süzen plays for İstanbul Büyükşehir Belediyespor (football)
Gökhan Süzen plays for Düzcespor
Gökhan Süzen plays for Beşiktaş J.K.
Gökhan Süzen plays for Turkey national football team
Gökhan Süzen plays for Turkey national under-21 football team
Gökhan Süzen plays for Galatasaray S.K.
Gökhan Süzen plays for Galatasaray S.K. (football)
Gökhan Süzen plays for Fenerbahçe S.K. (football)
Dan Schneider (TV producer) graduated from New York University
Dan Schneider (TV producer) graduated from University of Michigan
Dan Schneider (TV producer) graduated from University of Southern California
"Dan Schneider (TV producer) graduated from University of California, Los Angeles"
Dan Schneider (TV producer) graduated from Columbia University
Dan Schneider (TV producer) graduated from Yale University
Dan Schneider (TV producer) graduated from Harvard University
Dan Schneider (TV producer) graduated from Stanford University
Dan Schneider (TV producer) graduated from Princeton University
"Dan Schneider (TV producer) graduated from University of California, Berkeley"
Paulo César Rocha Rosa plays for Grêmio Esportivo Inhumense
Paulo César Rocha Rosa plays for Associação Desportiva Recreativa e Cultural Icasa
Paulo César Rocha Rosa plays for Vila Nova Futebol Clube
Paulo César Rocha Rosa plays for Gil Vicente F.C.
Paulo César Rocha Rosa plays for S.C. Braga
Paulo César Rocha Rosa plays for Rio Ave F.C.
Paulo César Rocha Rosa plays for Vitória S.C.
Paulo César Rocha Rosa plays for U.D. Leiria
Paulo César Rocha Rosa plays for Santa Cruz Futebol Clube
Paulo César Rocha Rosa plays for F.C. Paços de Ferreira
Billy Sweetzer plays for Bracknell Town F.C.
Billy Sweetzer plays for Tampa Bay Rowdies (1975–93)
Billy Sweetzer plays for Oxford United F.C.
Billy Sweetzer plays for Queens Park Rangers F.C.
Billy Sweetzer plays for Brentford F.C.
Billy Sweetzer plays for Crystal Palace F.C.
Billy Sweetzer plays for Gillingham F.C.
Billy Sweetzer plays for Millwall F.C.
Billy Sweetzer plays for Southend United F.C.
Billy Sweetzer plays for Watford F.C.
Martin Kayongo-Mutumba plays for AIK Fotboll
Martin Kayongo-Mutumba plays for Vasalunds IF
Martin Kayongo-Mutumba plays for AFC United
Martin Kayongo-Mutumba plays for FC Inter Turku
Martin Kayongo-Mutumba plays for Sweden national under-17 football team
Martin Kayongo-Mutumba plays for Videoton FC
Martin Kayongo-Mutumba plays for AIK Solna
Martin Kayongo-Mutumba plays for Çaykur Rizespor
Martin Kayongo-Mutumba plays for Uganda national football team
Martin Kayongo-Mutumba plays for Sweden national under-19 football team
Bulgaria exports wordnet fuel 114875077
Bulgaria exports wordnet chemical 114806838
Bulgaria exports wordnet machinery 103701640
Bulgaria exports wordnet foodstuff 107566340
Bulgaria exports wordnet fabric 103309808
Bulgaria exports wordnet food 100021265
Bulgaria exports wordnet petroleum 114980579
Bulgaria exports wordnet metallic element 114625458
Bulgaria exports wordnet fish 102512053
Bulgaria exports wordnet clothing 103051540
Hjalgrím Elttør is affiliated to Faroe Islands national football team
Hjalgrím Elttør is affiliated to NSÍ Runavík
Hjalgrím Elttør is affiliated to KÍ Klaksvík
Hjalgrím Elttør is affiliated to Fremad Amager
Hjalgrím Elttør is affiliated to B36 Tórshavn
Hjalgrím Elttør is affiliated to ÍF Fuglafjørður
Hjalgrím Elttør is affiliated to EB/Streymur
Hjalgrím Elttør is affiliated to Havnar Bóltfelag
Hjalgrím Elttør is affiliated to B68 Toftir
Hjalgrím Elttør is affiliated to Faroe Islands national under-21 football team
Edin Ćurić plays for FK Željezničar Sarajevo
Edin Ćurić plays for Portimonense S.C.
Edin Ćurić plays for UD Las Palmas
Edin Ćurić plays for Yugoslavia national football team
Edin Ćurić plays for U.D. Las Palmas
Edin Ćurić plays for F.K. Željezničar Sarajevo
Edin Ćurić plays for FK Sarajevo
Edin Ćurić plays for Red Star Belgrade
Edin Ćurić plays for GNK Dinamo Zagreb
Edin Ćurić plays for FK Velež Mostar
Dmitri Borodin plays for FC Lokomotiv Saint Petersburg
Dmitri Borodin plays for FC Sibir Novosibirsk
Dmitri Borodin plays for FC Khimki
Dmitri Borodin plays for FC Zenit Saint Petersburg
Dmitri Borodin plays for FC Anzhi Makhachkala
Dmitri Borodin plays for FC Torpedo Moscow
Dmitri Borodin plays for F.C. Zenit St. Petersburg
Dmitri Borodin plays for Russia national football team
Dmitri Borodin plays for FC Dynamo Saint Petersburg
Dmitri Borodin plays for FC Dynamo Moscow
Tommy Jones (footballer born 1909) plays for Mid Rhondda F.C.
Tommy Jones (footballer born 1909) plays for Guildford City F.C.
Tommy Jones (footballer born 1909) plays for Wales national football team
Tommy Jones (footballer born 1909) plays for Manchester United F.C.
Tommy Jones (footballer born 1909) plays for Sheffield Wednesday F.C.
Tommy Jones (footballer born 1909) plays for Tranmere Rovers F.C.
Tommy Jones (footballer born 1909) plays for Watford F.C.
Tommy Jones (footballer born 1909) plays for Swansea City A.F.C.
Tommy Jones (footballer born 1909) plays for Cardiff City F.C.
Tommy Jones (footballer born 1909) plays for Tottenham Hotspur F.C.
Marcin Krzywicki is affiliated to Unia Janikowo
Marcin Krzywicki is affiliated to Zawisza Bydgoszcz
Marcin Krzywicki is affiliated to Wisła Płock
Marcin Krzywicki is affiliated to KS Cracovia (football)
Marcin Krzywicki is affiliated to Ruch Radzionków
Marcin Krzywicki is affiliated to Widzew Łódź
Marcin Krzywicki is affiliated to Poland national football team
Marcin Krzywicki is affiliated to GKS Katowice
Marcin Krzywicki is affiliated to Górnik Zabrze
Marcin Krzywicki is affiliated to ŁKS Łódź
Down to Earth (1947 film) is located in United States
Down to Earth (1947 film) is located in United Kingdom
Down to Earth (1947 film) is located in France
Down to Earth (1947 film) is located in Italy
Down to Earth (1947 film) is located in India
Down to Earth (1947 film) is located in Germany
Down to Earth (1947 film) is located in Canada
Down to Earth (1947 film) is located in Japan
Down to Earth (1947 film) is located in California
Down to Earth (1947 film) is located in Spain
Radoslav Samardžić plays for FK Vojvodina
Radoslav Samardžić plays for RKC Waalwijk
Radoslav Samardžić plays for FC Volendam
Radoslav Samardžić plays for Feyenoord
Radoslav Samardžić plays for F.K. Vojvodina
Radoslav Samardžić plays for Serbia national football team
Radoslav Samardžić plays for SC Heerenveen
Radoslav Samardžić plays for FK Radnički Niš
Radoslav Samardžić plays for Red Star Belgrade
Radoslav Samardžić plays for Vitesse
Ondřej Švejdík was born in Prague
Ondřej Švejdík was born in Opava
Ondřej Švejdík was born in Brno
Ondřej Švejdík was born in Kroměříž
Ondřej Švejdík was born in Třinec
Ondřej Švejdík was born in Čáslav
Ondřej Švejdík was born in Nymburk
Ondřej Švejdík was born in Teplice
Ondřej Švejdík was born in Mladá Boleslav
Ondřej Švejdík was born in Hradec Králové
Cristiano Doni is affiliated to A.C. Rimini 1912
Cristiano Doni is affiliated to U.C. Sampdoria
Cristiano Doni is affiliated to Bologna F.C. 1909
Cristiano Doni is affiliated to U.S. Pistoiese 1921
Cristiano Doni is affiliated to Modena F.C.
Cristiano Doni is affiliated to Brescia Calcio
Cristiano Doni is affiliated to Atalanta B.C.
Cristiano Doni is affiliated to RCD Mallorca
Cristiano Doni is affiliated to R.C.D. Mallorca
Cristiano Doni is affiliated to Italy national football team
Agartala Airport is connected to Lokpriya Gopinath Bordoloi International Airport
Agartala Airport is connected to Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose International Airport
Agartala Airport is connected to Imphal International Airport
Agartala Airport is connected to Rajiv Gandhi International Airport
Agartala Airport is connected to Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport
Agartala Airport is connected to Indira Gandhi International Airport
Agartala Airport is connected to Kempegowda International Airport
Agartala Airport is connected to Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel International Airport
Agartala Airport is connected to Chennai International Airport
Agartala Airport is connected to Biju Patnaik Airport
Francesco Bolzoni is affiliated to Italy national under-20 football team
Francesco Bolzoni is affiliated to Frosinone Calcio
Francesco Bolzoni is affiliated to Italy national under-21 football team
Francesco Bolzoni is affiliated to Italy national under-17 football team
Francesco Bolzoni is affiliated to A.C. Siena
Francesco Bolzoni is affiliated to U.S. Città di Palermo
Francesco Bolzoni is affiliated to Inter Milan
Francesco Bolzoni is affiliated to Genoa C.F.C.
Francesco Bolzoni is affiliated to Italy national under-19 football team
Francesco Bolzoni is affiliated to Italy national under-16 football team
Janez Zavrl (footballer) plays for NK Ljubljana
Janez Zavrl (footballer) plays for NK Domžale
Janez Zavrl (footballer) plays for NK Interblock
Janez Zavrl (footballer) plays for NK Ivančna Gorica
Janez Zavrl (footballer) plays for NK Triglav Kranj
Janez Zavrl (footballer) plays for Slovenia national football team
Janez Zavrl (footballer) plays for NK Radomlje
Janez Zavrl (footballer) plays for NK Celje
Janez Zavrl (footballer) plays for Slovenia national under-21 football team
Janez Zavrl (footballer) plays for Shenzhen Ruby F.C.
Hadi Tabatabaei plays for Esteghlal Rasht F.C.
Hadi Tabatabaei plays for Tarbiat Yazd F.C.
Hadi Tabatabaei plays for Saba Qom F.C.
Hadi Tabatabaei plays for Bahman F.C.
Hadi Tabatabaei plays for Fajr Sepasi F.C.
Hadi Tabatabaei plays for Persepolis F.C.
Hadi Tabatabaei plays for Esteghlal F.C.
Hadi Tabatabaei plays for Iran national football team
Hadi Tabatabaei plays for Steel Azin F.C.
Hadi Tabatabaei plays for Paykan F.C.
Bruno Uvini plays for Brazil national under-23 football team
Bruno Uvini plays for Brazil national football team
Bruno Uvini plays for Brazil national under-20 football team
Bruno Uvini plays for A.C. Siena
Bruno Uvini plays for Tottenham Hotspur F.C.
Bruno Uvini plays for Grêmio Osasco Audax Esporte Clube
Bruno Uvini plays for Santos FC
Bruno Uvini plays for S.S.C. Napoli
Bruno Uvini plays for São Paulo FC
Bruno Uvini plays for São Paulo F.C.
David Castedo is affiliated to CF Extremadura
David Castedo is affiliated to Levante UD
David Castedo is affiliated to Hércules CF
David Castedo is affiliated to Sevilla FC
David Castedo is affiliated to Sevilla F.C.
David Castedo is affiliated to Hércules C.F.
David Castedo is affiliated to Levante U.D.
David Castedo is affiliated to RCD Mallorca
David Castedo is affiliated to R.C.D. Mallorca
David Castedo is affiliated to Albacete Balompié
Daniel Piorkowski plays for Melbourne Victory FC
Daniel Piorkowski plays for Gold Coast United FC
Daniel Piorkowski plays for Newcastle Jets FC
Daniel Piorkowski plays for Melbourne Knights FC
Daniel Piorkowski plays for Australia national under-20 association football team
Daniel Piorkowski plays for Melbourne Victory F.C.
Daniel Piorkowski plays for Australia national under-23 association football team
Daniel Piorkowski plays for Newcastle United Jets F.C.
Daniel Piorkowski plays for South Melbourne FC
Daniel Piorkowski plays for FFA Centre of Excellence
Ewald Lienen has gender male
Ewald Lienen has gender female
Ewald Lienen has gender London Heathrow Terminal 3
Ewald Lienen has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Ewald Lienen has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Ewald Lienen has gender Tomsk
Ewald Lienen has gender United Kingdom
Ewald Lienen has gender wordnet chemical 114806838
Ewald Lienen has gender France
Ewald Lienen has gender wordnet plastic 114592610
Jorge Dely Valdés has gender male
Jorge Dely Valdés has gender female
Jorge Dely Valdés has gender United Kingdom
Jorge Dely Valdés has gender Hong Kong
Jorge Dely Valdés has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Jorge Dely Valdés has gender London
Jorge Dely Valdés has gender Germany
Jorge Dely Valdés has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Jorge Dely Valdés has gender United States
Jorge Dely Valdés has gender Azerbaijan
Anne d'Alençon plays for A.S. Ostia Mare Lido Calcio
Anne d'Alençon plays for Carpi FC 1909
Anne d'Alençon plays for U.S. Sambenedettese 1923
Anne d'Alençon plays for Delfino Pescara 1936
Anne d'Alençon plays for Ascoli Calcio 1898
Anne d'Alençon plays for A.C. Perugia Calcio
Anne d'Alençon plays for Udinese Calcio
Anne d'Alençon plays for Vicenza Calcio
Anne d'Alençon plays for Perugia Calcio
Anne d'Alençon plays for Calcio Catania
Carl Jones plays for Darlington 1883
Carl Jones plays for Blyth Spartans A.F.C.
Carl Jones plays for Gateshead F.C.
Carl Jones plays for Hartlepool United F.C.
Carl Jones plays for Shildon A.F.C.
Carl Jones plays for York City F.C.
Carl Jones plays for Darlington F.C.
Carl Jones plays for Durham City A.F.C.
Carl Jones plays for Spennymoor Town F.C.
Carl Jones plays for Newcastle Blue Star F.C.
Carlo Sartori is affiliated to S.S.D. Trento Calcio 1921
Carlo Sartori is affiliated to Calcio Lecco 1912
Carlo Sartori is affiliated to S.P.A.L. 2013
Carlo Sartori is affiliated to Bologna F.C. 1909
Carlo Sartori is affiliated to Manchester United F.C.
Carlo Sartori is affiliated to A.C. Rimini 1912
Carlo Sartori is affiliated to Inter Milan
Carlo Sartori is affiliated to A.C. Milan
Carlo Sartori is affiliated to Real SPAL
Carlo Sartori is affiliated to Juventus F.C.
Shelley Fabares has gender female
Shelley Fabares has gender male
Shelley Fabares has gender César Award
Shelley Fabares has gender Turkey
Shelley Fabares has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Shelley Fabares has gender wordnet chemical 114806838
Shelley Fabares has gender Golden Globe Award
Shelley Fabares has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Shelley Fabares has gender wordnet electronics 106099269
Shelley Fabares has gender Erasmus Prize
Tony Hatzis was born in Adelaide
Tony Hatzis was born in Lagos
Tony Hatzis was born in Volos
Tony Hatzis was born in Sydney
Tony Hatzis was born in Thessaloniki
Tony Hatzis was born in Melbourne
Tony Hatzis was born in Athens
Tony Hatzis was born in Yaoundé
Tony Hatzis was born in Perth
Tony Hatzis was born in Belgrade
Georgi Karaneychev plays for PFC Minyor Radnevo
Georgi Karaneychev plays for PFC Chavdar Byala Slatina
Georgi Karaneychev plays for OFC Sliven 2000
Georgi Karaneychev plays for Bulgaria national under-21 football team
Georgi Karaneychev plays for PFC Pirin Gotse Delchev
Georgi Karaneychev plays for PFC Ludogorets Razgrad
Georgi Karaneychev plays for FC Tiraspol
Georgi Karaneychev plays for FC Svilengrad 1921
Georgi Karaneychev plays for PFC Lokomotiv Mezdra
Georgi Karaneychev plays for FC Lyubimets 2007
"John Kerr, Sr. is affiliated to Washington Darts"
"John Kerr, Sr. is affiliated to Detroit Cougars (soccer)"
"John Kerr, Sr. is affiliated to Washington Diplomats"
"John Kerr, Sr. is affiliated to Canada men's national soccer team"
"John Kerr, Sr. is affiliated to Club América"
"John Kerr, Sr. is affiliated to New York Cosmos"
"John Kerr, Sr. is affiliated to Partick Thistle F.C."
"John Kerr, Sr. is affiliated to Toronto Blizzard (1971–84)"
"John Kerr, Sr. is affiliated to Chicago Sting"
"John Kerr, Sr. is affiliated to United States men's national soccer team"
Ramón Díaz plays for Argentina national football team
Ramón Díaz plays for Club Atlético River Plate
Ramón Díaz plays for Argentina national under-20 football team
Ramón Díaz plays for S.S.C. Napoli
Ramón Díaz plays for ACF Fiorentina
Ramón Díaz plays for AS Monaco FC
Ramón Díaz plays for A.S. Avellino 1912
Ramón Díaz plays for Yokohama F. Marinos
Ramón Díaz plays for C.A. River Plate
Ramón Díaz plays for Inter Milan
Matthew Collins is affiliated to Wales national under-21 football team
Matthew Collins is affiliated to Neath F.C.
Matthew Collins is affiliated to Carmarthen Town A.F.C.
Matthew Collins is affiliated to Wales national under-19 football team
Matthew Collins is affiliated to Wales national under-17 football team
Matthew Collins is affiliated to Aberystwyth Town F.C.
Matthew Collins is affiliated to Haverfordwest County A.F.C.
Matthew Collins is affiliated to Wrexham F.C.
Matthew Collins is affiliated to Swansea City A.F.C.
Matthew Collins is affiliated to Swindon Town F.C.
George Graham (footballer) plays for California Surf
George Graham (footballer) plays for Crystal Palace F.C.
George Graham (footballer) plays for Portsmouth F.C.
George Graham (footballer) plays for Scotland national football team
George Graham (footballer) plays for Arsenal F.C.
George Graham (footballer) plays for Aston Villa F.C.
George Graham (footballer) plays for Manchester United F.C.
George Graham (footballer) plays for Chelsea F.C.
George Graham (footballer) plays for Tottenham Hotspur F.C.
George Graham (footballer) plays for Millwall F.C.
Graham Ward plays for Kidderminster Harriers F.C.
Graham Ward plays for Tamworth F.C.
Graham Ward plays for Republic of Ireland national under-17 football team
Graham Ward plays for Burton Albion F.C.
Graham Ward plays for Cheltenham Town F.C.
Graham Ward plays for Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C.
Graham Ward plays for Republic of Ireland national football team
Graham Ward plays for Worcester City F.C.
Graham Ward plays for Republic of Ireland national under-21 football team
Graham Ward plays for Aston Villa F.C.
Jimmy Mills plays for Vale of Leven F.C.
Jimmy Mills plays for Bathgate F.C.
Jimmy Mills plays for Shettleston F.C.
Jimmy Mills plays for Kirkintilloch Rob Roy F.C.
Jimmy Mills plays for Clyde F.C.
Jimmy Mills plays for Philadelphia Field Club
Jimmy Mills plays for Scotland national football team
Jimmy Mills plays for Rangers F.C.
Jimmy Mills plays for Ayr United F.C.
Jimmy Mills plays for Dundee F.C.
Paul Tosh plays for Peterhead F.C.
Paul Tosh plays for Arbroath F.C.
Paul Tosh plays for Cove Rangers F.C.
Paul Tosh plays for Montrose F.C.
Paul Tosh plays for Dundee F.C.
Paul Tosh plays for Forfar Athletic F.C.
Paul Tosh plays for Partick Thistle F.C.
Paul Tosh plays for Hibernian F.C.
Paul Tosh plays for Exeter City F.C.
Paul Tosh plays for Raith Rovers F.C.
Stu Grimson has gender male
Stu Grimson has gender female
Stu Grimson has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Stu Grimson has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Stu Grimson has gender Azerbaijan
Stu Grimson has gender London Heathrow Terminal 3
Stu Grimson has gender Tomsk
Stu Grimson has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Stu Grimson has gender Democratic Party (United States)
Stu Grimson has gender César Award
Ronnie Mauge plays for St Albans City F.C.
Ronnie Mauge plays for Plymouth Argyle F.C.
Ronnie Mauge plays for Bristol Rovers F.C.
Ronnie Mauge plays for Charlton Athletic F.C.
Ronnie Mauge plays for Fulham F.C.
Ronnie Mauge plays for Aldershot Town F.C.
Ronnie Mauge plays for Bury F.C.
Ronnie Mauge plays for Manchester City F.C.
Ronnie Mauge plays for Southend United F.C.
Ronnie Mauge plays for Luton Town F.C.
Pardubice Airport is connected to Podgorica Airport
Pardubice Airport is connected to Burgas Airport
Pardubice Airport is connected to Rhodes International Airport
Pardubice Airport is connected to Palma de Mallorca Airport
Pardubice Airport is connected to Kos Island International Airport
Pardubice Airport is connected to Koltsovo Airport
Pardubice Airport is connected to Heraklion International Airport
Pardubice Airport is connected to Domodedovo International Airport
Pardubice Airport is connected to Pulkovo Airport
Pardubice Airport is connected to Sheremetyevo International Airport
Jack Peddie plays for Benburb F.C.
Jack Peddie plays for Third Lanark A.C.
Jack Peddie plays for Heart of Midlothian F.C.
Jack Peddie plays for Manchester United F.C.
Jack Peddie plays for Plymouth Argyle F.C.
Jack Peddie plays for Newcastle United F.C.
Jack Peddie plays for Scotland national football team
Jack Peddie plays for Rangers F.C.
Jack Peddie plays for Scottish Football League XI
Jack Peddie plays for Celtic F.C.
Swiss peasant war of 1653 happened in Solothurn
Swiss peasant war of 1653 happened in Unterwalden
Swiss peasant war of 1653 happened in Bern
Swiss peasant war of 1653 happened in Schwyz (canton)
Swiss peasant war of 1653 happened in Basel
Swiss peasant war of 1653 happened in Fribourg
Swiss peasant war of 1653 happened in Old Swiss Confederacy
Swiss peasant war of 1653 happened in Schaffhausen
Swiss peasant war of 1653 happened in Zürich
Swiss peasant war of 1653 happened in St. Gallen
Tomáš Jablonský plays for SK Kladno
Tomáš Jablonský plays for FK Bohemians Prague (Střížkov)
Tomáš Jablonský plays for SK Slavia Prague
Tomáš Jablonský plays for FK Viktoria Žižkov
Tomáš Jablonský plays for FK Baumit Jablonec
Tomáš Jablonský plays for Czech Republic national under-21 football team
Tomáš Jablonský plays for FK Chmel Blšany
Tomáš Jablonský plays for AC Sparta Prague
Tomáš Jablonský plays for Czech Republic national football team
Tomáš Jablonský plays for SK Dynamo České Budějovice
Pobedilovo Airport is connected to Naryan-Mar Airport
Pobedilovo Airport is connected to Izhevsk Airport
Pobedilovo Airport is connected to Kazan International Airport
Pobedilovo Airport is connected to Pulkovo Airport
Pobedilovo Airport is connected to Nizhny Novgorod International Airport
Pobedilovo Airport is connected to Vnukovo International Airport
Pobedilovo Airport is connected to Perm International Airport
Pobedilovo Airport is connected to Domodedovo International Airport
Pobedilovo Airport is connected to Anapa Airport
Pobedilovo Airport is connected to Ufa International Airport
Mark Paston is affiliated to Wellington Phoenix FC
Mark Paston is affiliated to New Zealand Knights FC
Mark Paston is affiliated to Walsall F.C.
Mark Paston is affiliated to Napier City Rovers FC
Mark Paston is affiliated to New Zealand national football team
Mark Paston is affiliated to Bradford City A.F.C.
Mark Paston is affiliated to St. Johnstone F.C.
Mark Paston is affiliated to New Zealand national under-23 football team
Mark Paston is affiliated to New Zealand national under-20 football team
Mark Paston is affiliated to Barnsley F.C.
Buon Ma Thuot Airport is connected to Vinh Airport
Buon Ma Thuot Airport is connected to Noi Bai International Airport
Buon Ma Thuot Airport is connected to Tan Son Nhat International Airport
Buon Ma Thuot Airport is connected to Da Nang International Airport
Buon Ma Thuot Airport is connected to Wattay International Airport
Buon Ma Thuot Airport is connected to Pakse International Airport
Buon Ma Thuot Airport is connected to Phnom Penh International Airport
Buon Ma Thuot Airport is connected to Buon Ma Thuot Airport
Buon Ma Thuot Airport is connected to Kuala Lumpur International Airport
Buon Ma Thuot Airport is connected to Luang Prabang International Airport
Gene Clark has musical role wordnet tambourine 104387400
Gene Clark has musical role wordnet vocal music 107282006
Gene Clark has musical role wordnet guitar 103467517
Gene Clark has musical role wordnet piano 103928116
Gene Clark has musical role wordnet harmonica 103494278
Gene Clark has musical role wordnet bass guitar 102804123
Gene Clark has musical role wordnet synthesist 110687231
Gene Clark has musical role wordnet keyboard 103614007
Gene Clark has musical role wordnet drum 103249569
Gene Clark has musical role wordnet percussion 100545059
Ian Gray (English footballer) plays for Rotherham United F.C.
Ian Gray (English footballer) plays for Oldham Athletic A.F.C.
Ian Gray (English footballer) plays for Huddersfield Town F.C.
Ian Gray (English footballer) plays for Stockport County F.C.
Ian Gray (English footballer) plays for Rochdale A.F.C.
Ian Gray (English footballer) plays for Bury F.C.
Ian Gray (English footballer) plays for Chesterfield F.C.
Ian Gray (English footballer) plays for Blackpool F.C.
Ian Gray (English footballer) plays for Preston North End F.C.
Ian Gray (English footballer) plays for Bradford City A.F.C.
Alessandro Agostini is affiliated to U.S. Pistoiese 1921
Alessandro Agostini is affiliated to Torino F.C.
Alessandro Agostini is affiliated to Empoli F.C.
Alessandro Agostini is affiliated to Ternana Calcio
Alessandro Agostini is affiliated to Cagliari Calcio
Alessandro Agostini is affiliated to A.C. Siena
Alessandro Agostini is affiliated to ACF Fiorentina
Alessandro Agostini is affiliated to Torino F.C. 1906
Alessandro Agostini is affiliated to Hellas Verona F.C.
Alessandro Agostini is affiliated to A.C.F. Fiorentina
Pacific Lutheran University is located in Washington (state)
Pacific Lutheran University is located in United States
Pacific Lutheran University is located in California
Pacific Lutheran University is located in Massachusetts
Pacific Lutheran University is located in Pennsylvania
Pacific Lutheran University is located in Seattle metropolitan area
Pacific Lutheran University is located in Seattle
Pacific Lutheran University is located in Illinois
Pacific Lutheran University is located in Texas
Pacific Lutheran University is located in Canada
Bratislav Živković is affiliated to FK Dubočica
Bratislav Živković is affiliated to Serbia national football team
Bratislav Živković is affiliated to FK Obilić
Bratislav Živković is affiliated to FK Vojvodina
Bratislav Živković is affiliated to Red Star Belgrade
Bratislav Živković is affiliated to U.C. Sampdoria
Bratislav Živković is affiliated to FK BASK
Bratislav Živković is affiliated to F.K. Red Star Belgrade
Bratislav Živković is affiliated to F.K. Vojvodina
Bratislav Živković is affiliated to Serbia national under-21 football team
Jaroslav Vejvoda is affiliated to FC Vítkovice
Jaroslav Vejvoda is affiliated to AC Sparta Prague
Jaroslav Vejvoda is affiliated to Dukla Prague
Jaroslav Vejvoda is affiliated to SK Slavia Prague
Jaroslav Vejvoda is affiliated to Legia Warsaw
Jaroslav Vejvoda is affiliated to Czechoslovakia national football team
Jaroslav Vejvoda is affiliated to Czech Republic national football team
Jaroslav Vejvoda is affiliated to Czech Republic national under-21 football team
Jaroslav Vejvoda is affiliated to de/Legia Warschau
Jaroslav Vejvoda is affiliated to Bohemians 1905
Česká Lípa is located in Liberec Region
Česká Lípa is located in Bohemia
Česká Lípa is located in Czech Republic
Česká Lípa is located in Česká Lípa District
Česká Lípa is located in Central Bohemian Region
Česká Lípa is located in Česká Lípa
Česká Lípa is located in Moravia
Česká Lípa is located in Poland
Česká Lípa is located in Ústí nad Labem Region
Česká Lípa is located in United States
Jacky Bonnevay is affiliated to Red Star F.C.
Jacky Bonnevay is affiliated to Le Havre AC
Jacky Bonnevay is affiliated to Olympique de Marseille
Jacky Bonnevay is affiliated to OGC Nice
Jacky Bonnevay is affiliated to FC Sochaux-Montbéliard
Jacky Bonnevay is affiliated to FC Nantes
Jacky Bonnevay is affiliated to Le Havre A.C.
Jacky Bonnevay is affiliated to O.G.C. Nice
Jacky Bonnevay is affiliated to F.C. Sochaux-Montbéliard
Jacky Bonnevay is affiliated to F.C. Nantes
William Sarvis is affiliated to Merthyr Town F.C.
William Sarvis is affiliated to Aberdare Athletic F.C.
William Sarvis is affiliated to Walsall F.C.
William Sarvis is affiliated to Bradford City A.F.C.
William Sarvis is affiliated to Manchester United F.C.
William Sarvis is affiliated to Wales national football team
William Sarvis is affiliated to Birmingham City F.C.
William Sarvis is affiliated to Swindon Town F.C.
William Sarvis is affiliated to Wrexham F.C.
William Sarvis is affiliated to Cardiff City F.C.
Morten Harket has gender male
Morten Harket has gender female
Morten Harket has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Morten Harket has gender César Award
Morten Harket has gender United Kingdom
Morten Harket has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Morten Harket has gender Africa
Morten Harket has gender Golden Globe Award
Morten Harket has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Morten Harket has gender Eduardo Gomes International Airport
Sogndal is located in Sogn og Fjordane
Sogndal is located in Norway
Sogndal is located in West Norway
Sogndal is located in Sogndal
Sogndal is located in United States
Sogndal is located in United Kingdom
Sogndal is located in Sweden
Sogndal is located in Western Norway
Sogndal is located in Spain
Sogndal is located in Denmark
Alf Young is affiliated to Durham City A.F.C.
Alf Young is affiliated to Huddersfield Town F.C.
Alf Young is affiliated to England national football team
Alf Young is affiliated to York City F.C.
Alf Young is affiliated to Denmark national football team
Alf Young is affiliated to Newcastle United F.C.
Alf Young is affiliated to Sunderland A.F.C.
Alf Young is affiliated to Denmark national under-21 football team
Alf Young is affiliated to Manchester United F.C.
Alf Young is affiliated to Hartlepool United F.C.
Mohsin Hamid is citizen of Pakistan
Mohsin Hamid is citizen of United States
Mohsin Hamid is citizen of India
Mohsin Hamid is citizen of United Kingdom
"Mohsin Hamid is citizen of Punjab, Pakistan"
Mohsin Hamid is citizen of Russia
Mohsin Hamid is citizen of France
Mohsin Hamid is citizen of China
Mohsin Hamid is citizen of Canada
Mohsin Hamid is citizen of Italy
Mark Goldblatt has won prize Golden Globe Award
Mark Goldblatt has won prize Academy Awards
Mark Goldblatt has won prize Emmy Award
Mark Goldblatt has won prize David di Donatello
Mark Goldblatt has won prize Saturn Award
Mark Goldblatt has won prize Genie Awards
Mark Goldblatt has won prize Primetime Emmy Award
Mark Goldblatt has won prize Academy Award
Mark Goldblatt has won prize Grammy Award
Mark Goldblatt has won prize César Award
Lionel Djebi-Zadi is affiliated to SC Verl
Lionel Djebi-Zadi is affiliated to Inverness Caledonian Thistle F.C.
Lionel Djebi-Zadi is affiliated to SV Wilhelmshaven
Lionel Djebi-Zadi is affiliated to Ross County F.C.
Lionel Djebi-Zadi is affiliated to SC Paderborn 07
Lionel Djebi-Zadi is affiliated to FC Luzern
Lionel Djebi-Zadi is affiliated to Arminia Bielefeld
Lionel Djebi-Zadi is affiliated to Rot Weiss Ahlen
Lionel Djebi-Zadi is affiliated to Hibernian F.C.
Lionel Djebi-Zadi is affiliated to Rot-Weiss Essen
Álex Erazo plays for Juventud Independiente
Álex Erazo plays for C.D. Águila
Álex Erazo plays for El Salvador national football team
Álex Erazo plays for Alianza F.C.
Álex Erazo plays for C.D. Luis Ángel Firpo
Álex Erazo plays for Once Municipal
Álex Erazo plays for San Salvador F.C.
Álex Erazo plays for A.D. Isidro Metapán
Álex Erazo plays for C.D. FAS
Álex Erazo plays for C.D. Chalatenango
István Sallói is affiliated to Budapest Honvéd FC
István Sallói is affiliated to Győri ETO FC
István Sallói is affiliated to Maccabi Herzliya F.C.
István Sallói is affiliated to Beitar Jerusalem F.C.
István Sallói is affiliated to Videoton FC
István Sallói is affiliated to Hungary national football team
István Sallói is affiliated to Újpest FC
István Sallói is affiliated to Vasas SC
István Sallói is affiliated to Maccabi Tel Aviv F.C.
István Sallói is affiliated to Maccabi Haifa F.C.
Cédric Sabin is affiliated to ESA Brive
Cédric Sabin is affiliated to Vannes OC
Cédric Sabin is affiliated to US Créteil-Lusitanos
Cédric Sabin is affiliated to CS Sedan Ardennes
Cédric Sabin is affiliated to Red Star F.C.
Cédric Sabin is affiliated to Guizhou Renhe F.C.
Cédric Sabin is affiliated to Al Ahli SC (Doha)
Cédric Sabin is affiliated to Martinique national football team
Cédric Sabin is affiliated to Torku Konyaspor
Cédric Sabin is affiliated to FC Gueugnon
Battle of Changsha (1944) happened in Changsha
Battle of Changsha (1944) happened in Hengyang
Battle of Changsha (1944) happened in Taiwan
Battle of Changsha (1944) happened in Empire of Japan
Battle of Changsha (1944) happened in China
Battle of Changsha (1944) happened in Hunan
Battle of Changsha (1944) happened in Republic of China (1912–49)
Battle of Changsha (1944) happened in Manchuria
Battle of Changsha (1944) happened in Imperial Japanese Army
Battle of Changsha (1944) happened in National Revolutionary Army
George L. Brown is politician of United States
George L. Brown is politician of California
George L. Brown is politician of Massachusetts
George L. Brown is politician of France
George L. Brown is politician of Italy
George L. Brown is politician of Germany
George L. Brown is politician of Colorado
George L. Brown is politician of United Kingdom
George L. Brown is politician of Spain
George L. Brown is politician of Florida
Vicente Romero Romero is affiliated to Burjassot CF
Vicente Romero Romero is affiliated to UD Alzira
Vicente Romero Romero is affiliated to Ontinyent CF
Vicente Romero Romero is affiliated to Valencia CF Mestalla
Vicente Romero Romero is affiliated to Valencia CF
Vicente Romero Romero is affiliated to CD Alcoyano
Vicente Romero Romero is affiliated to Valencia C.F.
Vicente Romero Romero is affiliated to Levante UD
Vicente Romero Romero is affiliated to CD Olímpic de Xàtiva
Vicente Romero Romero is affiliated to Levante U.D.
Bobby Veck plays for Canterbury City F.C.
Bobby Veck plays for Chelmsford City F.C.
Bobby Veck plays for Gillingham F.C.
Bobby Veck plays for Southampton F.C.
Bobby Veck plays for Brentford F.C.
Bobby Veck plays for Leyton Orient F.C.
Bobby Veck plays for Southend United F.C.
Bobby Veck plays for Margate F.C.
Bobby Veck plays for Ramsgate F.C.
Bobby Veck plays for A.F.C. Bournemouth
Samir Merzić is affiliated to FK Ústí nad Labem
Samir Merzić is affiliated to FK Teplice
Samir Merzić is affiliated to FK Velež Mostar
Samir Merzić is affiliated to FC Amkar Perm
Samir Merzić is affiliated to FK Senica
Samir Merzić is affiliated to AC Sparta Prague
Samir Merzić is affiliated to FC Spartak Trnava
Samir Merzić is affiliated to MFK Ružomberok
Samir Merzić is affiliated to SK Dynamo České Budějovice
Samir Merzić is affiliated to MŠK Žilina
Mauricio Donoso plays for Chile national football team
Mauricio Donoso plays for Everton de Viña del Mar
Mauricio Donoso plays for Cobreloa
Mauricio Donoso plays for Coquimbo Unido
Mauricio Donoso plays for Deportes Iquique
Mauricio Donoso plays for Colo-Colo
Mauricio Donoso plays for Club Universidad de Chile
Mauricio Donoso plays for Deportes Antofagasta
Mauricio Donoso plays for Deportivo Quito
Mauricio Donoso plays for Club Universidad Nacional
"William V. Roth, Jr. died in Wilmington, Delaware"
"William V. Roth, Jr. died in Great Falls, Montana"
"William V. Roth, Jr. died in Los Angeles"
"William V. Roth, Jr. died in New York City"
"William V. Roth, Jr. died in Washington, D.C."
"William V. Roth, Jr. died in Cambridge, Massachusetts"
"William V. Roth, Jr. died in Dover, Delaware"
"William V. Roth, Jr. died in New Castle, Delaware"
"William V. Roth, Jr. died in Boston"
"William V. Roth, Jr. died in Santa Monica, California"
Serhiy Kravchenko (footballer born 1983) is affiliated to F.C. Shakhtar Donetsk
Serhiy Kravchenko (footballer born 1983) is affiliated to FC Shakhtar Donetsk
Serhiy Kravchenko (footballer born 1983) is affiliated to Ukraine national football team
Serhiy Kravchenko (footballer born 1983) is affiliated to FC Vorskla Poltava
Serhiy Kravchenko (footballer born 1983) is affiliated to Qarabağ FK
Serhiy Kravchenko (footballer born 1983) is affiliated to FC Shakhtar-2 Donetsk
Serhiy Kravchenko (footballer born 1983) is affiliated to FC Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk
Serhiy Kravchenko (footballer born 1983) is affiliated to FC Shakhtar-3 Donetsk
Serhiy Kravchenko (footballer born 1983) is affiliated to F.C. Dynamo Kyiv
Serhiy Kravchenko (footballer born 1983) is affiliated to FC Dynamo Kyiv
Colin Hoyle is affiliated to Gresley F.C.
Colin Hoyle is affiliated to Mansfield Town F.C.
Colin Hoyle is affiliated to Notts County F.C.
Colin Hoyle is affiliated to Halifax Town A.F.C.
Colin Hoyle is affiliated to Nuneaton Town F.C.
Colin Hoyle is affiliated to Chesterfield F.C.
Colin Hoyle is affiliated to King's Lynn F.C.
Colin Hoyle is affiliated to Burton Albion F.C.
Colin Hoyle is affiliated to Boston United F.C.
Colin Hoyle is affiliated to Worcester City F.C.
Coşkun Birdal plays for Pendikspor
Coşkun Birdal plays for Denizlispor
Coşkun Birdal plays for Diyarbakırspor
Coşkun Birdal plays for Torku Konyaspor
Coşkun Birdal plays for Kayseri Erciyesspor
Coşkun Birdal plays for Erzurumspor
Coşkun Birdal plays for Manisaspor
Coşkun Birdal plays for Samsunspor
Coşkun Birdal plays for Eskişehirspor
Coşkun Birdal plays for Antalyaspor
Helmut Haller is affiliated to BSV 07 Schwenningen
Helmut Haller is affiliated to FC Augsburg
Helmut Haller is affiliated to Germany national football team
Helmut Haller is affiliated to Juventus F.C.
Helmut Haller is affiliated to Bologna F.C. 1909
Helmut Haller is affiliated to FC Bayern Munich
Helmut Haller is affiliated to Germany national under-21 football team
Helmut Haller is affiliated to S.S. Lazio
Helmut Haller is affiliated to VfB Stuttgart
Helmut Haller is affiliated to Italy national football team
John Craven (footballer) is affiliated to Vancouver Whitecaps (1974–84)
John Craven (footballer) is affiliated to Coventry City F.C.
John Craven (footballer) is affiliated to Crystal Palace F.C.
John Craven (footballer) is affiliated to Plymouth Argyle F.C.
John Craven (footballer) is affiliated to California Surf
John Craven (footballer) is affiliated to Blackpool F.C.
John Craven (footballer) is affiliated to Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C.
John Craven (footballer) is affiliated to Birmingham City F.C.
John Craven (footballer) is affiliated to Manchester City F.C.
John Craven (footballer) is affiliated to Portsmouth F.C.
Pyotr Gitselov is affiliated to FC Rubin-2 Kazan
Pyotr Gitselov is affiliated to NK Rudeš
Pyotr Gitselov is affiliated to Östers IF
Pyotr Gitselov is affiliated to Bodens BK
Pyotr Gitselov is affiliated to FC Rostov
Pyotr Gitselov is affiliated to FC Rubin Kazan
Pyotr Gitselov is affiliated to FC Fakel Voronezh
Pyotr Gitselov is affiliated to Mjällby AIF
Pyotr Gitselov is affiliated to Rubin Kazan
Pyotr Gitselov is affiliated to FC Spartak Moscow
Vietnam has neighbor Laos
Vietnam has neighbor Cambodia
Vietnam has neighbor China
Vietnam has neighbor Burma
Vietnam has neighbor Afghanistan
Vietnam has neighbor Thailand
Vietnam has neighbor Malaysia
Vietnam has neighbor Vietnam
Vietnam has neighbor North Korea
Vietnam has neighbor Saudi Arabia
Wojciech Krauze plays for Tarnovia Tarnów
Wojciech Krauze plays for Unia Tarnów
Wojciech Krauze plays for Kmita Zabierzów
Wojciech Krauze plays for Korinthos F.C.
Wojciech Krauze plays for Szczakowianka Jaworzno
Wojciech Krauze plays for Thyella Patras F.C.
Wojciech Krauze plays for GKS Katowice
Wojciech Krauze plays for LKS Nieciecza
Wojciech Krauze plays for de/Stal Rzeszów
Wojciech Krauze plays for KS Cracovia (football)
Darío Verón plays for 12 de Octubre Football Club
Darío Verón plays for Club Guaraní
Darío Verón plays for Club Universidad Nacional
Darío Verón plays for Paraguay national football team
Darío Verón plays for Cobreloa
Darío Verón plays for Club Olimpia
Darío Verón plays for Sportivo Luqueño
Darío Verón plays for Cerro Porteño
Darío Verón plays for Club Libertad
Darío Verón plays for Club Sol de América
Yutaka Akita plays for Kashima Antlers
Yutaka Akita plays for Kyoto Sanga F.C.
Yutaka Akita plays for Nagoya Grampus
Yutaka Akita plays for Aichi Gakuin University
Yutaka Akita plays for Japan national football team
Yutaka Akita plays for Yokohama F. Marinos
Yutaka Akita plays for Tokyo Verdy
Yutaka Akita plays for JEF United Ichihara Chiba
Yutaka Akita plays for Kawasaki Frontale
Yutaka Akita plays for Cerezo Osaka
"Golden, Colorado is located in Jefferson County, Colorado"
"Golden, Colorado is located in United States"
"Golden, Colorado is located in United Kingdom"
"Golden, Colorado is located in Colorado"
"Golden, Colorado is located in California"
"Golden, Colorado is located in Canada"
"Golden, Colorado is located in India"
"Golden, Colorado is located in France"
"Golden, Colorado is located in Germany"
"Golden, Colorado is located in Golden, Colorado"
Craig Bianchi plays for Hellenic F.C.
Craig Bianchi plays for Maritzburg United F.C.
Craig Bianchi plays for Mamelodi Sundowns F.C.
Craig Bianchi plays for Santos F.C. (South Africa)
Craig Bianchi plays for South Africa national football team
Craig Bianchi plays for Kaizer Chiefs F.C.
Craig Bianchi plays for Mpumalanga Black Aces F.C.
Craig Bianchi plays for SuperSport United F.C.
Craig Bianchi plays for Ajax Cape Town F.C.
Craig Bianchi plays for Orlando Pirates
Tim Kaine is politician of United States
Tim Kaine is politician of France
Tim Kaine is politician of California
Tim Kaine is politician of Virginia
Tim Kaine is politician of United Kingdom
Tim Kaine is politician of Germany
Tim Kaine is politician of Spain
Tim Kaine is politician of Italy
Tim Kaine is politician of Massachusetts
Tim Kaine is politician of Canada
Italo Balbo has won prize Gold Medal of Military Valour
Italo Balbo has won prize Bronze Medal of Military Valor
Italo Balbo has won prize Silver Medal of Military Valor
Italo Balbo has won prize Harmon Trophy
Italo Balbo has won prize Distinguished Flying Cross (United States)
Italo Balbo has won prize Legion of Merit
Italo Balbo has won prize Gold Medal of Military Valor
Italo Balbo has won prize Air Medal
Italo Balbo has won prize Legion of Honour
Italo Balbo has won prize Silver Star
Stephan El Shaarawy plays for Italy national under-16 football team
Stephan El Shaarawy plays for Italy national under-17 football team
Stephan El Shaarawy plays for Calcio Padova
Stephan El Shaarawy plays for Italy national under-18 football team
Stephan El Shaarawy plays for A.C. Milan
Stephan El Shaarawy plays for Genoa C.F.C.
Stephan El Shaarawy plays for Italy national under-19 football team
Stephan El Shaarawy plays for Italy national football team
Stephan El Shaarawy plays for Italy national under-21 football team
Stephan El Shaarawy plays for Italy national under-20 football team
Antonio Rodríguez Martínez has gender male
Antonio Rodríguez Martínez has gender female
Antonio Rodríguez Martínez has gender Tomsk
Antonio Rodríguez Martínez has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Antonio Rodríguez Martínez has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Antonio Rodríguez Martínez has gender wordnet chemical 114806838
Antonio Rodríguez Martínez has gender Golden Globe Award
Antonio Rodríguez Martínez has gender London Heathrow Terminal 3
Antonio Rodríguez Martínez has gender César Award
Antonio Rodríguez Martínez has gender Azerbaijan
Rhian Dodds was born in Glasgow
"Rhian Dodds was born in Irvine, North Ayrshire"
Rhian Dodds was born in Edinburgh
Rhian Dodds was born in Kilmarnock
Rhian Dodds was born in Vancouver
Rhian Dodds was born in Dundee
Rhian Dodds was born in Bellshill
Rhian Dodds was born in London
Rhian Dodds was born in Montreal
Rhian Dodds was born in Aberdeen
Tudorel Stoica is affiliated to FCM Dunărea Galați
Tudorel Stoica is affiliated to RC Lens
Tudorel Stoica is affiliated to R.C. Lens
Tudorel Stoica is affiliated to FC Steaua București
Tudorel Stoica is affiliated to Romania national under-21 football team
Tudorel Stoica is affiliated to Romania national football team
Tudorel Stoica is affiliated to F.C. Steaua Bucureşti
Tudorel Stoica is affiliated to FC Rapid București
Tudorel Stoica is affiliated to FC Dinamo București
Tudorel Stoica is affiliated to FC Oțelul Galați
Radislav Dragićević plays for FK Bečej
Radislav Dragićević plays for FK Kom
Radislav Dragićević plays for Zakynthos F.C.
Radislav Dragićević plays for FK Budućnost Podgorica
Radislav Dragićević plays for Kallithea F.C.
Radislav Dragićević plays for APOP Kinyras FC
Radislav Dragićević plays for FK Vojvodina
Radislav Dragićević plays for Anagennisi Karditsa F.C.
Radislav Dragićević plays for FK Borac Čačak
Radislav Dragićević plays for F.K. Vojvodina
Morten Moldskred plays for Aalesunds FK
Morten Moldskred plays for Rosenborg BK
Morten Moldskred plays for Moss FK
Morten Moldskred plays for Norway national football team
Morten Moldskred plays for FK Haugesund
Morten Moldskred plays for Tromsø IL
Morten Moldskred plays for IL Hødd
Morten Moldskred plays for Aarhus Gymnastikforening
Morten Moldskred plays for Norway national under-21 football team
Morten Moldskred plays for Vålerenga Fotball
Lidzbark is located in Gmina Lidzbark
Lidzbark is located in Działdowo County
Lidzbark is located in Poland
Lidzbark is located in Lidzbark
Lidzbark is located in United States
Lidzbark is located in Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
Lidzbark is located in Gmina Działdowo
Lidzbark is located in Silesia
Lidzbark is located in Działdowo
Lidzbark is located in Lower Silesian Voivodeship
"Homer, Alaska is located in Kenai Peninsula Borough, Alaska"
"Homer, Alaska is located in United States"
"Homer, Alaska is located in United Kingdom"
"Homer, Alaska is located in California"
"Homer, Alaska is located in India"
"Homer, Alaska is located in Poland"
"Homer, Alaska is located in Canada"
"Homer, Alaska is located in Alaska"
"Homer, Alaska is located in France"
"Homer, Alaska is located in Florida"
Philip Wadler works at Chalmers University of Technology
Philip Wadler works at Stanford University
Philip Wadler works at University of Sydney
Philip Wadler works at University of Glasgow
Philip Wadler works at Bell Labs
Philip Wadler works at Avaya
Philip Wadler works at University of Copenhagen
Philip Wadler works at University of Oxford
Philip Wadler works at University of Edinburgh
Philip Wadler works at Carnegie Mellon University
"West Allis, Wisconsin is located in Milwaukee County, Wisconsin"
"West Allis, Wisconsin is located in United States"
"West Allis, Wisconsin is located in United Kingdom"
"West Allis, Wisconsin is located in Wisconsin"
"West Allis, Wisconsin is located in France"
"West Allis, Wisconsin is located in Poland"
"West Allis, Wisconsin is located in Texas"
"West Allis, Wisconsin is located in New Jersey"
"West Allis, Wisconsin is located in Germany"
"West Allis, Wisconsin is located in Japan"
Anthony Asquith died in London
Anthony Asquith died in Los Angeles
Anthony Asquith died in New York City
"Anthony Asquith died in Santa Monica, California"
Anthony Asquith died in Paris
"Anthony Asquith died in Beverly Hills, California"
Anthony Asquith died in Oxford
Anthony Asquith died in Cambridge
Anthony Asquith died in Birmingham
Anthony Asquith died in Edinburgh
SC Riessersee is located in Garmisch-Partenkirchen
SC Riessersee is located in United States
SC Riessersee is located in SC Riessersee
SC Riessersee is located in Bavaria
SC Riessersee is located in Poland
SC Riessersee is located in North Rhine-Westphalia
SC Riessersee is located in Italy
SC Riessersee is located in Germany
SC Riessersee is located in Spain
SC Riessersee is located in Ingolstadt
Takafumi Akahoshi is affiliated to Zweigen Kanazawa
Takafumi Akahoshi is affiliated to Mito HollyHock
Takafumi Akahoshi is affiliated to Urawa Red Diamonds
Takafumi Akahoshi is affiliated to Shimizu S-Pulse
Takafumi Akahoshi is affiliated to Pogoń Szczecin
Takafumi Akahoshi is affiliated to FK Liepājas Metalurgs
Takafumi Akahoshi is affiliated to Montedio Yamagata
Takafumi Akahoshi is affiliated to Kyoto Sanga F.C.
Takafumi Akahoshi is affiliated to Japan national football team
Takafumi Akahoshi is affiliated to Sanfrecce Hiroshima
Stephan Schmidt (footballer) has gender male
Stephan Schmidt (footballer) has gender female
Stephan Schmidt (footballer) has gender United Kingdom
Stephan Schmidt (footballer) has gender Turkey
Stephan Schmidt (footballer) has gender France
Stephan Schmidt (footballer) has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Stephan Schmidt (footballer) has gender London
Stephan Schmidt (footballer) has gender Azerbaijan
Stephan Schmidt (footballer) has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Stephan Schmidt (footballer) has gender Brazil
Andreas Andersson is affiliated to Sweden national football team
Andreas Andersson is affiliated to AIK Fotboll
Andreas Andersson is affiliated to AIK Solna
Andreas Andersson is affiliated to IFK Göteborg
Andreas Andersson is affiliated to Degerfors IF
Andreas Andersson is affiliated to A.C. Milan
Andreas Andersson is affiliated to Newcastle United F.C.
Andreas Andersson is affiliated to Sweden national under-21 football team
Andreas Andersson is affiliated to IFK Norrköping
Andreas Andersson is affiliated to Sweden national under-19 football team
Josimar plays for Nacional Fast Clube
Josimar plays for Sport Club Internacional
Josimar plays for Club Jorge Wilstermann
Josimar plays for Bangu Atlético Clube
Josimar plays for Esporte Clube Novo Hamburgo
Josimar plays for Botafogo de Futebol e Regatas
Josimar plays for Sevilla FC
Josimar plays for Brazil national football team
Josimar plays for Ceará Sporting Club
Josimar plays for Clube de Regatas do Flamengo
Marc Kienle plays for VfB Stuttgart
Marc Kienle plays for Alemannia Aachen
Marc Kienle plays for Stuttgarter Kickers
Marc Kienle plays for Wormatia Worms
Marc Kienle plays for VfB Stuttgart II
Marc Kienle plays for MSV Duisburg
Marc Kienle plays for MVV Maastricht
Marc Kienle plays for Karlsruher SC
Marc Kienle plays for SV Wehen Wiesbaden
Marc Kienle plays for Germany national under-21 football team
Jaime Gómez (Salvadoran footballer) plays for Juventud Independiente
Jaime Gómez (Salvadoran footballer) plays for A.D. Isidro Metapán
Jaime Gómez (Salvadoran footballer) plays for C.D. FAS
Jaime Gómez (Salvadoran footballer) plays for Once Municipal
Jaime Gómez (Salvadoran footballer) plays for El Salvador national football team
Jaime Gómez (Salvadoran footballer) plays for C.D. Águila
Jaime Gómez (Salvadoran footballer) plays for San Salvador F.C.
Jaime Gómez (Salvadoran footballer) plays for Once Lobos
Jaime Gómez (Salvadoran footballer) plays for Alianza F.C.
Jaime Gómez (Salvadoran footballer) plays for C.D. Luis Ángel Firpo
Tatra Mountains is located in Western Carpathians
Tatra Mountains is located in Slovakia
Tatra Mountains is located in Tatra Mountains
Tatra Mountains is located in Czech Republic
Tatra Mountains is located in Poland
Tatra Mountains is located in United States
Tatra Mountains is located in Prešov Region
Tatra Mountains is located in Žilina Region
Tatra Mountains is located in Trnava Region
Tatra Mountains is located in Trenčín Region
Mark Yates (footballer) is affiliated to Cheltenham Town F.C.
Mark Yates (footballer) is affiliated to Kidderminster Harriers F.C.
Mark Yates (footballer) is affiliated to England national football C team
Mark Yates (footballer) is affiliated to Lincoln City F.C.
Mark Yates (footballer) is affiliated to Doncaster Rovers F.C.
Mark Yates (footballer) is affiliated to Burnley F.C.
Mark Yates (footballer) is affiliated to Colchester United F.C.
Mark Yates (footballer) is affiliated to Birmingham City F.C.
Mark Yates (footballer) is affiliated to Torquay United F.C.
Mark Yates (footballer) is affiliated to Peterborough United F.C.
Frank Boeckx has gender male
Frank Boeckx has gender female
Frank Boeckx has gender United Kingdom
Frank Boeckx has gender London
Frank Boeckx has gender Azerbaijan
Frank Boeckx has gender Tomsk
Frank Boeckx has gender France
Frank Boeckx has gender Turkey
Frank Boeckx has gender Ukraine
Frank Boeckx has gender Baku
Constance of Austria is married to Sigismund III Vasa
Constance of Austria is married to Constance of Austria
"Constance of Austria is married to Anne of Austria, Queen of Poland"
"Constance of Austria is married to Charles II, Archduke of Austria"
Constance of Austria is married to Maria Anna of Bavaria (1551–1608)
"Constance of Austria is married to Ferdinand II, Holy Roman Emperor"
"Constance of Austria is married to Margaret of Austria, Queen of Spain"
Constance of Austria is married to Maria Anna of Bavaria (1574–1616)
Constance of Austria is married to Anna Jagiellon
Constance of Austria is married to John II Casimir Vasa
Calum Elliot is affiliated to Scotland national under-20 football team
Calum Elliot is affiliated to Livingston F.C.
Calum Elliot is affiliated to Alloa Athletic F.C.
Calum Elliot is affiliated to Heart of Midlothian F.C.
Calum Elliot is affiliated to Scotland national under-21 football team
Calum Elliot is affiliated to Motherwell F.C.
Calum Elliot is affiliated to Lothian Thistle Hutchison Vale F.C.
Calum Elliot is affiliated to Dundee F.C.
Calum Elliot is affiliated to VMFD Žalgiris Vilnius
Calum Elliot is affiliated to Raith Rovers F.C.
Michael Carr (footballer) plays for Kidsgrove Athletic F.C.
Michael Carr (footballer) plays for Nantwich Town F.C.
Michael Carr (footballer) plays for Northwich Victoria F.C.
Michael Carr (footballer) plays for F.C. United of Manchester
Michael Carr (footballer) plays for England national football C team
Michael Carr (footballer) plays for Morecambe F.C.
Michael Carr (footballer) plays for Stalybridge Celtic F.C.
Michael Carr (footballer) plays for Kidderminster Harriers F.C.
Michael Carr (footballer) plays for Stafford Rangers F.C.
Michael Carr (footballer) plays for Macclesfield Town F.C.
Jerry Sularz plays for Connecticut Yankees (soccer)
Jerry Sularz plays for New Jersey Americans (soccer)
Jerry Sularz plays for Górnik Wałbrzych
Jerry Sularz plays for Boston Minutemen
Jerry Sularz plays for New York Cosmos
Jerry Sularz plays for Vanderbilt University
Jerry Sularz plays for United States men's national soccer team
Jerry Sularz plays for Connecticut Bicentennials
Jerry Sularz plays for Rhode Island Oceaneers
Jerry Sularz plays for Rochester Lancers
Herbert Obele plays for TSV Aindling
Herbert Obele plays for BC Aichach
Herbert Obele plays for 1. FC Nürnberg II
Herbert Obele plays for FC Ingolstadt 04
Herbert Obele plays for SSV Jahn Regensburg
Herbert Obele plays for FC Ingolstadt 04 II
Herbert Obele plays for FC Augsburg
Herbert Obele plays for 1. FC Nürnberg
Herbert Obele plays for 1. FC Nuremberg
Herbert Obele plays for TSV 1860 München
Marjorie Main died in Los Angeles
"Marjorie Main died in Beverly Hills, California"
"Marjorie Main died in Santa Monica, California"
Marjorie Main died in New York City
Marjorie Main died in London
"Marjorie Main died in Palm Springs, California"
"Marjorie Main died in Santa Barbara, California"
"Marjorie Main died in Burbank, California"
"Marjorie Main died in Malibu, California"
Marjorie Main died in San Diego
Jong Tae-se is affiliated to Kawasaki Frontale
Jong Tae-se is affiliated to North Korea national football team
Jong Tae-se is affiliated to Suwon Samsung Bluewings
Jong Tae-se is affiliated to VfL Bochum
Jong Tae-se is affiliated to 1. FC Köln
Jong Tae-se is affiliated to 1. FC Cologne
Jong Tae-se is affiliated to Kashiwa Reysol
Jong Tae-se is affiliated to Urawa Red Diamonds
Jong Tae-se is affiliated to JEF United Ichihara Chiba
Jong Tae-se is affiliated to Sanfrecce Hiroshima
Dimitris Mavrogenidis plays for Greece national football team
Dimitris Mavrogenidis plays for Aris F.C. (Thessaloniki)
Dimitris Mavrogenidis plays for Olympiacos F.C.
Dimitris Mavrogenidis plays for Iraklis Thessaloniki F.C.
Dimitris Mavrogenidis plays for Thrasyvoulos F.C.
Dimitris Mavrogenidis plays for Aris Thessaloniki F.C.
Dimitris Mavrogenidis plays for Greece national under-21 football team
Dimitris Mavrogenidis plays for AEK Athens F.C.
Dimitris Mavrogenidis plays for Panathinaikos F.C.
Dimitris Mavrogenidis plays for PAS Giannina F.C.
Marcos Vellidis is affiliated to Koropi F.C.
Marcos Vellidis is affiliated to Diagoras F.C.
Marcos Vellidis is affiliated to PAS Giannina F.C.
Marcos Vellidis is affiliated to Greece national football team
Marcos Vellidis is affiliated to Aris F.C. (Thessaloniki)
Marcos Vellidis is affiliated to Panathinaikos F.C.
Marcos Vellidis is affiliated to Aris Thessaloniki F.C.
Marcos Vellidis is affiliated to Ethnikos Piraeus F.C.
Marcos Vellidis is affiliated to Iraklis Thessaloniki F.C.
Marcos Vellidis is affiliated to Apollon Smyrni F.C.
Carlos Rodrigues Corrêa is affiliated to Esporte Clube XV de Novembro (Piracicaba)
Carlos Rodrigues Corrêa is affiliated to Esporte Clube São Bento
Carlos Rodrigues Corrêa is affiliated to Associação Portuguesa de Desportos
Carlos Rodrigues Corrêa is affiliated to Fortaleza Esporte Clube
Carlos Rodrigues Corrêa is affiliated to Clube Atlético Mineiro
Carlos Rodrigues Corrêa is affiliated to Clube de Regatas do Flamengo
Carlos Rodrigues Corrêa is affiliated to FC Dynamo Kyiv
Carlos Rodrigues Corrêa is affiliated to F.C. Dynamo Kyiv
Carlos Rodrigues Corrêa is affiliated to Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras
Carlos Rodrigues Corrêa is affiliated to Brazil national football team
Goran Milanko plays for Hapoel Haifa F.C.
Goran Milanko plays for Bnei Sakhnin F.C.
Goran Milanko plays for HNK Hajduk Split
Goran Milanko plays for Chemnitzer FC
Goran Milanko plays for PAOK FC
Goran Milanko plays for Rot-Weiss Essen
Goran Milanko plays for Cádiz CF
Goran Milanko plays for H.N.K. Hajduk Split
Goran Milanko plays for P.A.O.K. Thessaloniki F.C.
Goran Milanko plays for Hapoel Haifa
Alfredo Tena is affiliated to Mexico national football team
Alfredo Tena is affiliated to Estudiantes Tecos
Alfredo Tena is affiliated to Club Santos Laguna
Alfredo Tena is affiliated to Club América
Alfredo Tena is affiliated to Querétaro F.C.
Alfredo Tena is affiliated to C.F. Pachuca
Alfredo Tena is affiliated to Puebla F.C.
Alfredo Tena is affiliated to Tiburones Rojos de Veracruz
Alfredo Tena is affiliated to Santos Laguna
Alfredo Tena is affiliated to Club Atlas
Goran Šubara is affiliated to Gombak United FC
Goran Šubara is affiliated to Warriors F.C.
Goran Šubara is affiliated to Balestier Khalsa FC
Goran Šubara is affiliated to T–Team F.C.
Goran Šubara is affiliated to Bonnyrigg White Eagles FC
Goran Šubara is affiliated to Bangkok Glass F.C.
Goran Šubara is affiliated to PSM Makassar
Goran Šubara is affiliated to Home United FC
Goran Šubara is affiliated to Woodlands Wellington FC
Goran Šubara is affiliated to Geylang International FC
Gavin Mahon is affiliated to Brentford F.C.
Gavin Mahon is affiliated to Notts County F.C.
Gavin Mahon is affiliated to Crystal Palace F.C.
Gavin Mahon is affiliated to Watford F.C.
Gavin Mahon is affiliated to Tamworth F.C.
Gavin Mahon is affiliated to Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C.
Gavin Mahon is affiliated to Portsmouth F.C.
Gavin Mahon is affiliated to Stevenage F.C.
Gavin Mahon is affiliated to Hereford United F.C.
Gavin Mahon is affiliated to Queens Park Rangers F.C.
Washington Ellsworth Lindsey graduated from Yale University
Washington Ellsworth Lindsey graduated from Harvard University
Washington Ellsworth Lindsey graduated from University of Michigan
Washington Ellsworth Lindsey graduated from University of Texas at Austin
Washington Ellsworth Lindsey graduated from Princeton University
Washington Ellsworth Lindsey graduated from University of Pennsylvania
Washington Ellsworth Lindsey graduated from University of Oxford
Washington Ellsworth Lindsey graduated from Cornell University
Washington Ellsworth Lindsey graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology
Washington Ellsworth Lindsey graduated from Louisiana State University
Pedro Ken is affiliated to Coritiba Foot Ball Club
Pedro Ken is affiliated to Brazil national under-23 football team
Pedro Ken is affiliated to Avaí Futebol Clube
Pedro Ken is affiliated to Esporte Clube Vitória
Pedro Ken is affiliated to Cruzeiro Esporte Clube
Pedro Ken is affiliated to CR Vasco da Gama
Pedro Ken is affiliated to Cruzeiro E.C.
Pedro Ken is affiliated to Paraná Clube
Pedro Ken is affiliated to E.C. Vitória
Pedro Ken is affiliated to Avaí F.C.
Yury Sevidov was born in Moscow
Yury Sevidov was born in Chișinău
Yury Sevidov was born in Odessa
Yury Sevidov was born in Luhansk
Yury Sevidov was born in Donetsk
Yury Sevidov was born in Baku
Yury Sevidov was born in Kharkiv
Yury Sevidov was born in Kiev
Yury Sevidov was born in Dnipropetrovsk
"Yury Sevidov was born in Nikopol, Ukraine"
Tove Jansson died in Helsinki
Tove Jansson died in London
Tove Jansson died in New York City
Tove Jansson died in Paris
Tove Jansson died in Stockholm
Tove Jansson died in Los Angeles
Tove Jansson died in Moscow
Tove Jansson died in Berlin
Tove Jansson died in Rome
Tove Jansson died in Chicago
Pedro Mosquera plays for Spain national under-17 football team
Pedro Mosquera plays for Real Madrid C
Pedro Mosquera plays for Real Madrid Castilla
Pedro Mosquera plays for Spain national under-16 football team
Pedro Mosquera plays for Real Madrid C.F.
Pedro Mosquera plays for Spain national under-19 football team
Pedro Mosquera plays for Deportivo de La Coruña
Pedro Mosquera plays for Getafe CF
Pedro Mosquera plays for R.C. Deportivo de La Coruña
Pedro Mosquera plays for Spain national under-21 football team
Shymkent International Airport is connected to Oskemen Airport
Shymkent International Airport is connected to Almaty International Airport
Shymkent International Airport is connected to Aktau Airport
Shymkent International Airport is connected to Kokshetau Airport
Shymkent International Airport is connected to Istanbul Atatürk Airport
Shymkent International Airport is connected to Ürümqi Diwopu International Airport
Shymkent International Airport is connected to Astana International Airport
Shymkent International Airport is connected to Vnukovo International Airport
Shymkent International Airport is connected to Tolmachevo Airport
Shymkent International Airport is connected to Domodedovo International Airport
Bernhard Neumann graduated from Humboldt University of Berlin
Bernhard Neumann graduated from University of Cambridge
Bernhard Neumann graduated from University of Manchester
Bernhard Neumann graduated from Humboldt University
Bernhard Neumann graduated from University of Göttingen
Bernhard Neumann graduated from University of Oxford
Bernhard Neumann graduated from Australian National University
Bernhard Neumann graduated from Leipzig University
"Bernhard Neumann graduated from Trinity College, Cambridge"
Bernhard Neumann graduated from Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich
Doug Rougvie is affiliated to Aberdeen F.C.
Doug Rougvie is affiliated to Montrose F.C.
Doug Rougvie is affiliated to Dunfermline Athletic F.C.
Doug Rougvie is affiliated to Scotland national football team
Doug Rougvie is affiliated to Chelsea F.C.
Doug Rougvie is affiliated to Shrewsbury Town F.C.
Doug Rougvie is affiliated to Fulham F.C.
Doug Rougvie is affiliated to Dundee United F.C.
Doug Rougvie is affiliated to Dundee F.C.
Doug Rougvie is affiliated to Scottish Football League XI
Mariano Corsico is affiliated to Deportivo Municipal
Mariano Corsico is affiliated to Club Deportivo Municipal
Mariano Corsico is affiliated to Sport Boys
Mariano Corsico is affiliated to Talleres de Córdoba
Mariano Corsico is affiliated to Olympiakos Nicosia
Mariano Corsico is affiliated to LB Châteauroux
Mariano Corsico is affiliated to PEC Zwolle
Mariano Corsico is affiliated to L.B. Châteauroux
Mariano Corsico is affiliated to Peru national football team
Mariano Corsico is affiliated to Club Universitario de Deportes
Gert Claessens is affiliated to Real Oviedo
Gert Claessens is affiliated to K.R.C. Genk
Gert Claessens is affiliated to RFC Liège
Gert Claessens is affiliated to Lierse S.K.
Gert Claessens is affiliated to Club Brugge KV
Gert Claessens is affiliated to Real Oviedo C.F.
Gert Claessens is affiliated to Vitesse
Gert Claessens is affiliated to Belgium national football team
Gert Claessens is affiliated to Club Brugge K.V.
Gert Claessens is affiliated to Standard Liège
Jonathan Murray has gender male
Jonathan Murray has gender female
Jonathan Murray has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Jonathan Murray has gender United Kingdom
Jonathan Murray has gender Africa
Jonathan Murray has gender Archibald Leitch
Jonathan Murray has gender London Heathrow Terminal 3
Jonathan Murray has gender English language
Jonathan Murray has gender César Award
Jonathan Murray has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
John Moffat (physicist) lives in United Kingdom
John Moffat (physicist) lives in Denmark
John Moffat (physicist) lives in United States
John Moffat (physicist) lives in Germany
John Moffat (physicist) lives in Canada
John Moffat (physicist) lives in England
John Moffat (physicist) lives in France
John Moffat (physicist) lives in Sweden
John Moffat (physicist) lives in Netherlands
John Moffat (physicist) lives in Australia
Pablo Correa is affiliated to Defensor Sporting
Pablo Correa is affiliated to Rentistas
Pablo Correa is affiliated to Defensor Sporting Club
Pablo Correa is affiliated to Montevideo Wanderers F.C.
Pablo Correa is affiliated to Peñarol
Pablo Correa is affiliated to A.S. Nancy-Lorraine
Pablo Correa is affiliated to AS Nancy
Pablo Correa is affiliated to San Lorenzo de Almagro
Pablo Correa is affiliated to C.A. San Lorenzo de Almagro
Pablo Correa is affiliated to Club Nacional de Football
Bala Garba plays for El-Kanemi Warriors F.C.
Bala Garba plays for Notodden FK
Bala Garba plays for FK Haugesund
Bala Garba plays for GIF Sundsvall
Bala Garba plays for IK Start
Bala Garba plays for Nigeria national football team
Bala Garba plays for Udoji United F.C.
Bala Garba plays for Bridge Boys F.C.
Bala Garba plays for Shooting Stars SC
Bala Garba plays for Heartland F.C.
"Campo Maior, Portugal is located in Portalegre District"
"Campo Maior, Portugal is located in Alto Alentejo Subregion"
"Campo Maior, Portugal is located in Alentejo"
"Campo Maior, Portugal is located in Portugal"
"Campo Maior, Portugal is located in Alentejo Region"
"Campo Maior, Portugal is located in United States"
"Campo Maior, Portugal is located in Beja District"
"Campo Maior, Portugal is located in Centro Region, Portugal"
"Campo Maior, Portugal is located in Baixo Alentejo Subregion"
"Campo Maior, Portugal is located in Poland"
Chelmsford is located in CM postcode area
Chelmsford is located in East of England
Chelmsford is located in England
Chelmsford is located in Essex
Chelmsford is located in United Kingdom
Chelmsford is located in Essex (England)
Chelmsford is located in South West England
Chelmsford is located in South East England
Chelmsford is located in Herefordshire
Chelmsford is located in Hertfordshire
Iron Sky is located in Finland
Iron Sky is located in Australia
Iron Sky is located in United States
Iron Sky is located in United Kingdom
Iron Sky is located in Canada
Iron Sky is located in New Zealand
Iron Sky is located in Germany
Iron Sky is located in France
Iron Sky is located in Norway
Iron Sky is located in Sweden
Paddy Fagan is affiliated to Transport F.C.
Paddy Fagan is affiliated to Ashton United F.C.
Paddy Fagan is affiliated to Republic of Ireland national football team
Paddy Fagan is affiliated to Mossley A.F.C.
Paddy Fagan is affiliated to Altrincham F.C.
Paddy Fagan is affiliated to Republic of Ireland national football B team
Paddy Fagan is affiliated to Hull City A.F.C.
Paddy Fagan is affiliated to Manchester City F.C.
Paddy Fagan is affiliated to Derby County F.C.
Paddy Fagan is affiliated to Northwich Victoria F.C.
Enzo Gutiérrez plays for Manta Fútbol Club
Enzo Gutiérrez plays for O'Higgins F.C.
Enzo Gutiérrez plays for Rangers de Talca
Enzo Gutiérrez plays for Boca Juniors
Enzo Gutiérrez plays for C.S. Marítimo
Enzo Gutiérrez plays for Club Universidad de Chile
Enzo Gutiérrez plays for Chile national football team
Enzo Gutiérrez plays for Club Deportivo Universidad Católica
Enzo Gutiérrez plays for Cobresal
Enzo Gutiérrez plays for Chacarita Juniors
Sam Kinison has gender male
Sam Kinison has gender female
Sam Kinison has gender United Kingdom
Sam Kinison has gender France
Sam Kinison has gender Turkey
Sam Kinison has gender Belgium
Sam Kinison has gender Brazil
Sam Kinison has gender Italy
Sam Kinison has gender Germany
Sam Kinison has gender Azerbaijan
Martin Prusek has gender male
Martin Prusek has gender female
Martin Prusek has gender Republican Party (United States)
Martin Prusek has gender César Award
Martin Prusek has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Martin Prusek has gender Tomsk
Martin Prusek has gender Azerbaijan
Martin Prusek has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Martin Prusek has gender London Heathrow Terminal 3
Martin Prusek has gender London Heathrow Terminal 1
Thando Mngomeni was born in Johannesburg
Thando Mngomeni was born in Cape Town
Thando Mngomeni was born in Durban
Thando Mngomeni was born in Soweto
Thando Mngomeni was born in Bloemfontein
Thando Mngomeni was born in Port Elizabeth
Thando Mngomeni was born in Pietermaritzburg
Thando Mngomeni was born in Pretoria
Thando Mngomeni was born in Boksburg
Thando Mngomeni was born in Helsingborg
Vyacheslav Sviderskyi is affiliated to F.C. Dynamo Kyiv
Vyacheslav Sviderskyi is affiliated to FC Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk
Vyacheslav Sviderskyi is affiliated to Ukraine national football team
Vyacheslav Sviderskyi is affiliated to FC Dynamo Kyiv
Vyacheslav Sviderskyi is affiliated to FC Arsenal Kyiv
Vyacheslav Sviderskyi is affiliated to FC Shakhtar Donetsk
Vyacheslav Sviderskyi is affiliated to FC Chornomorets Odesa
Vyacheslav Sviderskyi is affiliated to FC Dynamo Moscow
Vyacheslav Sviderskyi is affiliated to S.K. Tavriya Simferopol
Vyacheslav Sviderskyi is affiliated to FC Obolon Kyiv
Simon Pegg has gender male
Simon Pegg has gender female
Simon Pegg has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Simon Pegg has gender London Heathrow Terminal 3
Simon Pegg has gender Erasmus Prize
Simon Pegg has gender Turkey
Simon Pegg has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Simon Pegg has gender United States
Simon Pegg has gender France
Simon Pegg has gender London Heathrow Terminal 1
Daigo Kobayashi plays for Shimizu Commercial High School
Daigo Kobayashi plays for Japan national football team
Daigo Kobayashi plays for Japan national under-20 football team
Daigo Kobayashi plays for Shimizu S-Pulse
Daigo Kobayashi plays for Tokyo Verdy
Daigo Kobayashi plays for Omiya Ardija
Daigo Kobayashi plays for Vancouver Whitecaps FC
Daigo Kobayashi plays for Stabæk Fotball
Daigo Kobayashi plays for New England Revolution
Daigo Kobayashi plays for Iraklis Thessaloniki F.C.
Séïdath Tchomogo plays for AS Dragons FC de l'Ouémé
Séïdath Tchomogo plays for Al-Suwaiq Club
Séïdath Tchomogo plays for Benin national football team
Séïdath Tchomogo plays for Al-Oruba SC
Séïdath Tchomogo plays for Bridge Boys F.C.
Séïdath Tchomogo plays for FC Energie Cottbus
Séïdath Tchomogo plays for FC Metz
Séïdath Tchomogo plays for F.C. Metz
Séïdath Tchomogo plays for Nigeria national football team
Séïdath Tchomogo plays for Enyimba International F.C.
Emerson Pereira plays for Rentistas
Emerson Pereira plays for Sport Club Corinthians Paulista
Emerson Pereira plays for Esporte Clube Juventude
Emerson Pereira plays for Botafogo Futebol Clube (SP)
Emerson Pereira plays for Colo-Colo
Emerson Pereira plays for A.C. Perugia Calcio
Emerson Pereira plays for Brazil national under-20 football team
Emerson Pereira plays for São Paulo FC
Emerson Pereira plays for Santos FC
Emerson Pereira plays for Associação Portuguesa de Desportos
Michael Tonge has gender male
Michael Tonge has gender female
Michael Tonge has gender Tomsk
Michael Tonge has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Michael Tonge has gender United Kingdom
Michael Tonge has gender United States
Michael Tonge has gender France
Michael Tonge has gender Golden Globe Award
Michael Tonge has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Michael Tonge has gender Azerbaijan
Richard Rorty is interested in Philosophy of mind
Richard Rorty is interested in Political philosophy
Richard Rorty is interested in Philosophy of language
Richard Rorty is interested in Philosophy of science
Richard Rorty is interested in Philosophy of religion
Richard Rorty is interested in Marxism
Richard Rorty is interested in Philosophy of mathematics
Richard Rorty is interested in Philosophy of history
Richard Rorty is interested in Phenomenology (philosophy)
Richard Rorty is interested in Islamic philosophy
Peter Sollett was born in New York City
Peter Sollett was born in London
Peter Sollett was born in Chicago
Peter Sollett was born in Los Angeles
Peter Sollett was born in Paris
Peter Sollett was born in San Francisco
Peter Sollett was born in Boston
"Peter Sollett was born in Washington, D.C."
Peter Sollett was born in Rome
Peter Sollett was born in Cleveland
Dany Mendes Ribeiro is affiliated to C.D. Tondela
Dany Mendes Ribeiro is affiliated to Sertanense F.C.
Dany Mendes Ribeiro is affiliated to G.D. Interclube
Dany Mendes Ribeiro is affiliated to S.C. Freamunde
Dany Mendes Ribeiro is affiliated to C.R.D. Libolo
Dany Mendes Ribeiro is affiliated to Leixões S.C.
Dany Mendes Ribeiro is affiliated to Batuque FC
Dany Mendes Ribeiro is affiliated to ACF Gloria Bistrița
Dany Mendes Ribeiro is affiliated to Gil Vicente F.C.
Dany Mendes Ribeiro is affiliated to S.L. Benfica
Tim de Cler is affiliated to A.Z. Alkmaar
Tim de Cler is affiliated to Netherlands national football team
Tim de Cler is affiliated to AEK Larnaca F.C.
Tim de Cler is affiliated to AZ Alkmaar
Tim de Cler is affiliated to Feyenoord
Tim de Cler is affiliated to A.F.C. Ajax
Tim de Cler is affiliated to AFC Ajax
Tim de Cler is affiliated to Netherlands national under-21 football team
Tim de Cler is affiliated to Sparta Rotterdam
Tim de Cler is affiliated to NAC Breda
Shpëtim Hasani is affiliated to KF Drita
Shpëtim Hasani is affiliated to Kosovo national football team
Shpëtim Hasani is affiliated to Degerfors IF
Shpëtim Hasani is affiliated to IK Sirius Fotboll
Shpëtim Hasani is affiliated to Kalmar FF
Shpëtim Hasani is affiliated to Örebro SK
Shpëtim Hasani is affiliated to IFK Norrköping
Shpëtim Hasani is affiliated to Bursaspor
Shpëtim Hasani is affiliated to Sakaryaspor
Shpëtim Hasani is affiliated to Sweden national football team
"Paul Taylor (footballer, born 1987) plays for R.R.F.C. Montegnée"
"Paul Taylor (footballer, born 1987) plays for Vauxhall Motors F.C."
"Paul Taylor (footballer, born 1987) plays for Chester City F.C."
"Paul Taylor (footballer, born 1987) plays for R. Charleroi S.C."
"Paul Taylor (footballer, born 1987) plays for Manchester City F.C."
"Paul Taylor (footballer, born 1987) plays for R.S.C. Anderlecht"
"Paul Taylor (footballer, born 1987) plays for Peterborough United F.C."
"Paul Taylor (footballer, born 1987) plays for Ipswich Town F.C."
"Paul Taylor (footballer, born 1987) plays for Norwich City F.C."
"Paul Taylor (footballer, born 1987) plays for Wigan Athletic F.C."
Dino Rađa has gender male
Dino Rađa has gender female
Dino Rađa has gender Tomsk
Dino Rađa has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Dino Rađa has gender wordnet chemical 114806838
Dino Rađa has gender London Heathrow Terminal 3
Dino Rađa has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Dino Rađa has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Dino Rađa has gender London Heathrow Terminal 1
Dino Rađa has gender wordnet machinery 103701640
Andreas Ulland Andersen is affiliated to Randaberg IL
Andreas Ulland Andersen is affiliated to Bryne FK
Andreas Ulland Andersen is affiliated to Viking FK
Andreas Ulland Andersen is affiliated to SK Vard Haugesund
Andreas Ulland Andersen is affiliated to Sandnes Ulf
Andreas Ulland Andersen is affiliated to FK Haugesund
Andreas Ulland Andersen is affiliated to Norway national football team
Andreas Ulland Andersen is affiliated to Norway national under-21 football team
Andreas Ulland Andersen is affiliated to Ålgård FK
Andreas Ulland Andersen is affiliated to IK Start
Betty Carter has gender male
Betty Carter has gender female
Betty Carter has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Betty Carter has gender United Kingdom
Betty Carter has gender Bulgaria
Betty Carter has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Betty Carter has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Betty Carter has gender wordnet machinery 103701640
Betty Carter has gender wordnet chemical 114806838
Betty Carter has gender London Heathrow Terminal 3
Byron Anthony is affiliated to Wales national under-21 football team
Byron Anthony is affiliated to Newport County A.F.C.
Byron Anthony is affiliated to Forest Green Rovers F.C.
Byron Anthony is affiliated to Bristol Rovers F.C.
Byron Anthony is affiliated to Hereford United F.C.
Byron Anthony is affiliated to Cardiff City F.C.
Byron Anthony is affiliated to Wales national football team
Byron Anthony is affiliated to Swansea City A.F.C.
Byron Anthony is affiliated to Cheltenham Town F.C.
Byron Anthony is affiliated to Bath City F.C.
Shawn Medved plays for Portland Timbers (1985–90)
Shawn Medved plays for The Evergreen State College
Shawn Medved plays for San Francisco Seals (soccer)
Shawn Medved plays for Cleveland Crunch
Shawn Medved plays for Cincinnati Silverbacks
Shawn Medved plays for Tacoma Stars (MISL)
Shawn Medved plays for Fort Lauderdale Strikers (1988–94)
Shawn Medved plays for San Jose Earthquakes
Shawn Medved plays for Colorado Foxes
Shawn Medved plays for Seattle Sounders (1994–2008)
Ekrem Kahya plays for ADO Den Haag
Ekrem Kahya plays for HBS Craeyenhout (football club)
Ekrem Kahya plays for VVV-Venlo
Ekrem Kahya plays for FC Dordrecht
Ekrem Kahya plays for Go Ahead Eagles
Ekrem Kahya plays for Denizlispor
Ekrem Kahya plays for Feyenoord
Ekrem Kahya plays for NAC Breda
Ekrem Kahya plays for Sparta Rotterdam
Ekrem Kahya plays for De Graafschap
Goran Jurić is affiliated to GNK Dinamo Zagreb
Goran Jurić is affiliated to N.K. Dinamo Zagreb
Goran Jurić is affiliated to N.K. Zagreb
Goran Jurić is affiliated to NK Hrvatski Dragovoljac
Goran Jurić is affiliated to FK Velež Mostar
Goran Jurić is affiliated to Yugoslavia national football team
Goran Jurić is affiliated to Croatia national football team
Goran Jurić is affiliated to NK Zagreb
Goran Jurić is affiliated to Celta de Vigo
Goran Jurić is affiliated to Red Star Belgrade
Andrzej Zgutczyński is affiliated to Mazur Ełk
Andrzej Zgutczyński is affiliated to CS Meaux
Andrzej Zgutczyński is affiliated to Bałtyk Gdynia
Andrzej Zgutczyński is affiliated to Poland national football team
Andrzej Zgutczyński is affiliated to Legia Warsaw
Andrzej Zgutczyński is affiliated to A.J. Auxerre
Andrzej Zgutczyński is affiliated to AJ Auxerre
Andrzej Zgutczyński is affiliated to Górnik Zabrze
Andrzej Zgutczyński is affiliated to Lech Poznań
Andrzej Zgutczyński is affiliated to de/Legia Warschau
Steve Nicol has gender male
Steve Nicol has gender female
Steve Nicol has gender Tomsk
Steve Nicol has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Steve Nicol has gender Azerbaijan
Steve Nicol has gender César Award
Steve Nicol has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Steve Nicol has gender United Kingdom
Steve Nicol has gender France
Steve Nicol has gender Turkey
Guernsey Airport is connected to Bristol Airport
Guernsey Airport is connected to East Midlands Airport
Guernsey Airport is connected to Jersey Airport
Guernsey Airport is connected to Birmingham Airport
Guernsey Airport is connected to Manchester Airport
Guernsey Airport is connected to Southampton Airport
Guernsey Airport is connected to Exeter International Airport
Guernsey Airport is connected to Glasgow Airport
Guernsey Airport is connected to Frankfurt Airport
Guernsey Airport is connected to Gatwick Airport
Sailor Brown plays for Gorleston F.C.
Sailor Brown plays for Great Yarmouth Town F.C.
Sailor Brown plays for Aston Villa F.C.
Sailor Brown plays for Charlton Athletic F.C.
Sailor Brown plays for Nottingham Forest F.C.
Sailor Brown plays for England national football team
Sailor Brown plays for Norwich City F.C.
Sailor Brown plays for Birmingham City F.C.
Sailor Brown plays for England national under-21 football team
Sailor Brown plays for Southampton F.C.
Mike Ford (footballer) plays for Leicester City F.C.
Mike Ford (footballer) plays for Cardiff City F.C.
Mike Ford (footballer) plays for Oxford United F.C.
Mike Ford (footballer) plays for Bristol Rovers F.C.
Mike Ford (footballer) plays for Bristol City F.C.
Mike Ford (footballer) plays for Derby County F.C.
Mike Ford (footballer) plays for Queens Park Rangers F.C.
Mike Ford (footballer) plays for England national under-21 football team
Mike Ford (footballer) plays for West Bromwich Albion F.C.
Mike Ford (footballer) plays for Newport County A.F.C.
Michael Probst is affiliated to SV Lohhof
Michael Probst is affiliated to SV Türkgücü-Ataspor München
Michael Probst is affiliated to SpVgg Landshut
Michael Probst is affiliated to de/TuS Geretsried
Michael Probst is affiliated to SpVgg Unterhaching
Michael Probst is affiliated to TSV 1860 München II
Michael Probst is affiliated to FC Bayern Munich II
Michael Probst is affiliated to TSV 1860 München
Michael Probst is affiliated to FC Bayern Munich
Michael Probst is affiliated to FC Ismaning
Brian Parkin is affiliated to Wycombe Wanderers F.C.
Brian Parkin is affiliated to Yeovil Town F.C.
Brian Parkin is affiliated to Bristol Rovers F.C.
Brian Parkin is affiliated to Oldham Athletic A.F.C.
Brian Parkin is affiliated to Crystal Palace F.C.
Brian Parkin is affiliated to Crewe Alexandra F.C.
Brian Parkin is affiliated to Notts County F.C.
Brian Parkin is affiliated to Brighton & Hove Albion F.C.
Brian Parkin is affiliated to Bristol City F.C.
Brian Parkin is affiliated to Reading F.C.
Aitor Ramos plays for CD Laudio
Aitor Ramos plays for Arenas Club de Getxo
Aitor Ramos plays for SD Lemona
Aitor Ramos plays for Athletic Bilbao B
Aitor Ramos plays for Athletic Bilbao
Aitor Ramos plays for Écija Balompié
Aitor Ramos plays for Barakaldo CF
Aitor Ramos plays for CD Basconia
Aitor Ramos plays for CD Getxo
Aitor Ramos plays for Club Portugalete
Sofia Jakobsson has gender male
Sofia Jakobsson has gender female
Sofia Jakobsson has gender Turkey
Sofia Jakobsson has gender Azerbaijan
Sofia Jakobsson has gender United Kingdom
Sofia Jakobsson has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Sofia Jakobsson has gender Tomsk
Sofia Jakobsson has gender César Award
Sofia Jakobsson has gender Republican Party (United States)
Sofia Jakobsson has gender Democratic Party (United States)
Johan Djourou plays for Switzerland national under-17 football team
Johan Djourou plays for Switzerland national under-19 football team
Johan Djourou plays for Arsenal F.C.
Johan Djourou plays for Switzerland national under-21 football team
Johan Djourou plays for Étoile Carouge FC
Johan Djourou plays for Hannover 96
Johan Djourou plays for Arsenal F.C. Academy
Johan Djourou plays for Hamburger SV
Johan Djourou plays for Birmingham City F.C.
Johan Djourou plays for Switzerland national football team
Federico Vairo plays for Club Atlético River Plate
Federico Vairo plays for Rosario Central
Federico Vairo plays for O'Higgins F.C.
Federico Vairo plays for Argentina national football team
Federico Vairo plays for Deportivo Cali
Federico Vairo plays for C.A. Rosario Central
Federico Vairo plays for C.A. River Plate
Federico Vairo plays for Boca Juniors
Federico Vairo plays for Argentina national under-20 football team
Federico Vairo plays for Club Deportivo Universidad Católica
Julie Rydahl Bukh plays for Denmark women's national football team
Julie Rydahl Bukh plays for Fortuna Hjørring
Julie Rydahl Bukh plays for Brøndby IF (women)
Julie Rydahl Bukh plays for Sydney FC W-League
Julie Rydahl Bukh plays for Linköpings FC
Julie Rydahl Bukh plays for Pali Blues
Julie Rydahl Bukh plays for Vejle Boldklub
Julie Rydahl Bukh plays for Viborg FF
Julie Rydahl Bukh plays for Perth Glory FC W-League
Julie Rydahl Bukh plays for Australia women's national association football team
Harry McShane (footballer) is affiliated to Chorley F.C.
Harry McShane (footballer) is affiliated to Oldham Athletic A.F.C.
Harry McShane (footballer) is affiliated to Droylsden F.C.
Harry McShane (footballer) is affiliated to Manchester United F.C.
Harry McShane (footballer) is affiliated to Blackburn Rovers F.C.
Harry McShane (footballer) is affiliated to Huddersfield Town F.C.
Harry McShane (footballer) is affiliated to Bolton Wanderers F.C.
Harry McShane (footballer) is affiliated to Bellshill Athletic F.C.
Harry McShane (footballer) is affiliated to Telford United F.C.
Harry McShane (footballer) is affiliated to Manchester City F.C.
Remigiusz Jezierski is affiliated to Górnik Łęczna
Remigiusz Jezierski is affiliated to Śląsk Wrocław
Remigiusz Jezierski is affiliated to Bnei Sakhnin F.C.
Remigiusz Jezierski is affiliated to Hapoel Be'er Sheva F.C.
Remigiusz Jezierski is affiliated to Ruch Chorzów
Remigiusz Jezierski is affiliated to Jagiellonia Białystok
Remigiusz Jezierski is affiliated to Widzew Łódź
Remigiusz Jezierski is affiliated to Poland national football team
Remigiusz Jezierski is affiliated to Polonia Warsaw
Remigiusz Jezierski is affiliated to Polonia Bytom
Ottawa is located in National Capital Region (Canada)
Ottawa is located in Canada
Ottawa is located in Ontario
Ottawa is located in North America
Ottawa is located in Ottawa
Ottawa is located in Europe
Ottawa is located in United States
Ottawa is located in Caribbean
Ottawa is located in Asia
Ottawa is located in Quebec
Joaquim Dinis plays for Sporting Clube de Portugal
Joaquim Dinis plays for F.C. Porto
Joaquim Dinis plays for Atlético Petróleos de Luanda
Joaquim Dinis plays for U.D. Leiria
Joaquim Dinis plays for Portugal national football team
Joaquim Dinis plays for Angola national football team
Joaquim Dinis plays for Portugal national under-21 football team
Joaquim Dinis plays for S.L. Benfica
Joaquim Dinis plays for Associação Académica de Coimbra – O.A.F.
Joaquim Dinis plays for S.C. Braga
Ihor Sholin plays for FC Dynamo Khmelnytskyi
Ihor Sholin plays for FC Nafkom Brovary
Ihor Sholin plays for FC Dacia Chișinău
Ihor Sholin plays for FC Nistru Otaci
Ihor Sholin plays for FC Karpaty Lviv
Ihor Sholin plays for Moldova national football team
Ihor Sholin plays for FC Volyn Lutsk
Ihor Sholin plays for CS Tiligul-Tiras Tiraspol
Ihor Sholin plays for FC Tiraspol
Ihor Sholin plays for FC Hoverla Uzhhorod
Vinay Pathak has gender male
Vinay Pathak has gender female
Vinay Pathak has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Vinay Pathak has gender United Kingdom
Vinay Pathak has gender Turkey
Vinay Pathak has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Vinay Pathak has gender Ukraine
Vinay Pathak has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Vinay Pathak has gender Azerbaijan
Vinay Pathak has gender Italy
Gerry Anderson created Revenge of the Mysterons from Mars
Gerry Anderson created Captain Scarlet vs the Mysterons
Gerry Anderson created Thunderbirds Are Go
Gerry Anderson created Thunderbirds (film)
Gerry Anderson created Crossroads to Crime
Gerry Anderson created Thunderbird 6
Gerry Anderson created Gerry Anderson
Gerry Anderson created Man of the Moment (1935 film)
Gerry Anderson created Gulliver's Travels (miniseries)
Gerry Anderson created Doctor Who
Christopher Sullivan (soccer) is affiliated to University of Tampa
Christopher Sullivan (soccer) is affiliated to Orlando Lions
Christopher Sullivan (soccer) is affiliated to Landskrona BoIS
Christopher Sullivan (soccer) is affiliated to San Jose Earthquakes
Christopher Sullivan (soccer) is affiliated to United States men's national soccer team
Christopher Sullivan (soccer) is affiliated to Brøndby IF
Christopher Sullivan (soccer) is affiliated to US Joué-lès-Tours
Christopher Sullivan (soccer) is affiliated to Győri ETO FC
Christopher Sullivan (soccer) is affiliated to Hertha BSC
Christopher Sullivan (soccer) is affiliated to United States national soccer team
Kevin Schindler is affiliated to SV Werder Bremen II
Kevin Schindler is affiliated to Germany national under-21 football team
Kevin Schindler is affiliated to F.C. Hansa Rostock
Kevin Schindler is affiliated to Werder Bremen
Kevin Schindler is affiliated to Hansa Rostock
Kevin Schindler is affiliated to FC St. Pauli
Kevin Schindler is affiliated to SV Werder Bremen
Kevin Schindler is affiliated to FC Augsburg
Kevin Schindler is affiliated to Germany national youth football team
Kevin Schindler is affiliated to MSV Duisburg
Stephan Lichtsteiner plays for Switzerland national football team
Stephan Lichtsteiner plays for FC Luzern
Stephan Lichtsteiner plays for Grasshopper Club Zürich
Stephan Lichtsteiner plays for Switzerland national under-21 football team
Stephan Lichtsteiner plays for Lille OSC
Stephan Lichtsteiner plays for S.S. Lazio
Stephan Lichtsteiner plays for Juventus F.C.
Stephan Lichtsteiner plays for Lille O.S.C.
Stephan Lichtsteiner plays for FC Zürich
Stephan Lichtsteiner plays for FC Basel
Silvio Spann is affiliated to W Connection
Silvio Spann is affiliated to W Connection F.C.
Silvio Spann is affiliated to A.C. Perugia Calcio
Silvio Spann is affiliated to U.S. Sambenedettese 1923
Silvio Spann is affiliated to GNK Dinamo Zagreb
Silvio Spann is affiliated to Yokohama FC
Silvio Spann is affiliated to Perugia Calcio
Silvio Spann is affiliated to N.K. Dinamo Zagreb
Silvio Spann is affiliated to Wrexham F.C.
Silvio Spann is affiliated to Yokohama F.C.
Trevor Trevisan plays for A.S.D. Sacilese Calcio
Trevor Trevisan plays for Pordenone Calcio S.S.D.
Trevor Trevisan plays for A.S.D. Città di Giulianova 1924
Trevor Trevisan plays for L'Aquila Calcio 1927
Trevor Trevisan plays for Calcio Padova
Trevor Trevisan plays for A.S. Varese 1910
Trevor Trevisan plays for Vicenza Calcio
Trevor Trevisan plays for A.C. Pisa 1909
Trevor Trevisan plays for A.C. Pisa 1909 S.S.D.
Trevor Trevisan plays for Ascoli Calcio 1898
Kevin De Bruyne is affiliated to Belgium national under-19 football team
Kevin De Bruyne is affiliated to Belgium national under-18 football team
Kevin De Bruyne is affiliated to Belgium national under-21 football team
Kevin De Bruyne is affiliated to SV Werder Bremen
Kevin De Bruyne is affiliated to K.A.A. Gent
Kevin De Bruyne is affiliated to K.R.C. Genk
Kevin De Bruyne is affiliated to VfL Wolfsburg
Kevin De Bruyne is affiliated to Werder Bremen
Kevin De Bruyne is affiliated to Chelsea F.C.
Kevin De Bruyne is affiliated to Belgium national football team
Eugenio Peralta is affiliated to Deportivo Laferrere
Eugenio Peralta is affiliated to Deportivo Merlo
Eugenio Peralta is affiliated to Defensores de Belgrano
Eugenio Peralta is affiliated to Deportivo Pereira
Eugenio Peralta is affiliated to Sud América
Eugenio Peralta is affiliated to Club Atlético Tigre
Eugenio Peralta is affiliated to All Boys
Eugenio Peralta is affiliated to Deportivo Pasto
Eugenio Peralta is affiliated to Deportivo Paraguayo
Eugenio Peralta is affiliated to Cienciano
Julio Pablo Rodríguez plays for Huracán Buceo
Julio Pablo Rodríguez plays for Deportivo Maldonado
Julio Pablo Rodríguez plays for Defensor Sporting
Julio Pablo Rodríguez plays for Montevideo Wanderers F.C.
Julio Pablo Rodríguez plays for Centro Atlético Fénix
Julio Pablo Rodríguez plays for Uruguay national football team
Julio Pablo Rodríguez plays for Deportes Antofagasta
Julio Pablo Rodríguez plays for Real C.D. España
Julio Pablo Rodríguez plays for Club Nacional de Football
Julio Pablo Rodríguez plays for Grêmio Foot-Ball Porto Alegrense
William Gallas is affiliated to France national under-21 football team
William Gallas is affiliated to Clairefontaine
William Gallas is affiliated to France national football team
William Gallas is affiliated to France national under-20 football team
William Gallas is affiliated to Stade Malherbe Caen
William Gallas is affiliated to Olympique de Marseille
William Gallas is affiliated to S.M. Caen
William Gallas is affiliated to Racing Club de France football Colombes 92
William Gallas is affiliated to Arsenal F.C.
William Gallas is affiliated to France national under-18 football team
Thomas Rohrbach has gender male
Thomas Rohrbach has gender female
Thomas Rohrbach has gender Tomsk
Thomas Rohrbach has gender France
Thomas Rohrbach has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Thomas Rohrbach has gender United Kingdom
Thomas Rohrbach has gender Turkey
Thomas Rohrbach has gender Republican Party (United States)
Thomas Rohrbach has gender London Heathrow Terminal 3
Thomas Rohrbach has gender Azerbaijan
Ljubomir Fejsa is affiliated to Serbia national football team
Ljubomir Fejsa is affiliated to F.K. Partizan
Ljubomir Fejsa is affiliated to Serbia national under-21 football team
Ljubomir Fejsa is affiliated to FK Partizan
Ljubomir Fejsa is affiliated to Olympiacos F.C.
Ljubomir Fejsa is affiliated to S.L. Benfica
Ljubomir Fejsa is affiliated to FK Hajduk Kula
Ljubomir Fejsa is affiliated to Serbia national under-19 football team
Ljubomir Fejsa is affiliated to FK Vojvodina
Ljubomir Fejsa is affiliated to FK Rad
Robbie Findley is affiliated to Colorado Rapids U-23
Robbie Findley is affiliated to United States men's national under-23 soccer team
Robbie Findley is affiliated to LA Galaxy
Robbie Findley is affiliated to Real Salt Lake
Robbie Findley is affiliated to United States men's national soccer team
Robbie Findley is affiliated to Los Angeles Galaxy
Robbie Findley is affiliated to Oregon State University
Robbie Findley is affiliated to Nottingham Forest F.C.
Robbie Findley is affiliated to Gillingham F.C.
Robbie Findley is affiliated to United States national soccer team
Theo Walcott has gender male
Theo Walcott has gender female
Theo Walcott has gender César Award
Theo Walcott has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Theo Walcott has gender Tomsk
Theo Walcott has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Theo Walcott has gender Turkey
Theo Walcott has gender Azerbaijan
Theo Walcott has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Theo Walcott has gender London Heathrow Terminal 3
Lasse Heinze is affiliated to FC Midtjylland
Lasse Heinze is affiliated to AC Horsens
Lasse Heinze is affiliated to Ikast FS
Lasse Heinze is affiliated to Denmark national under-21 football team
Lasse Heinze is affiliated to Silkeborg IF
Lasse Heinze is affiliated to Denmark national football team
Lasse Heinze is affiliated to Vejle Boldklub
Lasse Heinze is affiliated to Aarhus Gymnastikforening
Lasse Heinze is affiliated to Viborg FF
Lasse Heinze is affiliated to Holstebro BK
Alex Pearce is affiliated to Scotland national under-19 football team
Alex Pearce is affiliated to Southampton F.C.
Alex Pearce is affiliated to Reading F.C.
Alex Pearce is affiliated to A.F.C. Bournemouth
Alex Pearce is affiliated to Norwich City F.C.
Alex Pearce is affiliated to Republic of Ireland national football team
Alex Pearce is affiliated to Northampton Town F.C.
Alex Pearce is affiliated to Scotland national under-21 football team
Alex Pearce is affiliated to Celtic F.C.
Alex Pearce is affiliated to Republic of Ireland national under-21 football team
Ben Tozer has gender male
Ben Tozer has gender female
Ben Tozer has gender Turkey
Ben Tozer has gender Tomsk
Ben Tozer has gender France
Ben Tozer has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Ben Tozer has gender César Award
Ben Tozer has gender Italy
Ben Tozer has gender Azerbaijan
Ben Tozer has gender United Kingdom
Samir El Moussaoui plays for SVV Scheveningen
Samir El Moussaoui plays for S.B.V. Excelsior
Samir El Moussaoui plays for ADO Den Haag
Samir El Moussaoui plays for FC Den Bosch
Samir El Moussaoui plays for Feyenoord
Samir El Moussaoui plays for SBV Excelsior
Samir El Moussaoui plays for Netherlands national football team
Samir El Moussaoui plays for NAC Breda
Samir El Moussaoui plays for Netherlands national under-21 football team
Samir El Moussaoui plays for Sparta Rotterdam
Marcus du Sautoy works at University of Cambridge
Marcus du Sautoy works at University of Oxford
Marcus du Sautoy works at University College London
Marcus du Sautoy works at University of Manchester
Marcus du Sautoy works at University of Edinburgh
"Marcus du Sautoy works at Trinity College, Cambridge"
Marcus du Sautoy works at Princeton University
Marcus du Sautoy works at Massachusetts Institute of Technology
Marcus du Sautoy works at University of Bristol
Marcus du Sautoy works at University of London
Radomir Todorov is affiliated to PFC Naftex Burgas
Radomir Todorov is affiliated to PSFC Chernomorets Burgas
Radomir Todorov is affiliated to PFC Spartak Varna
Radomir Todorov is affiliated to Khazar Lankaran FK
Radomir Todorov is affiliated to Baku FC
Radomir Todorov is affiliated to PFC Levski Sofia
Radomir Todorov is affiliated to PFC Cherno More Varna
Radomir Todorov is affiliated to PFC Neftochimic Burgas
Radomir Todorov is affiliated to PFC Litex Lovech
Radomir Todorov is affiliated to PFC Lokomotiv Sofia
Monique Wittig is citizen of United States
Monique Wittig is citizen of United Kingdom
Monique Wittig is citizen of France
Monique Wittig is citizen of Germany
Monique Wittig is citizen of Italy
Monique Wittig is citizen of India
Monique Wittig is citizen of England
Monique Wittig is citizen of Russian Empire
Monique Wittig is citizen of Belgium
Monique Wittig is citizen of California
Baie-Comeau Airport is connected to Sept-Îles Airport
Baie-Comeau Airport is connected to Wabush Airport
Baie-Comeau Airport is connected to Montréal/Saint-Hubert Airport
Baie-Comeau Airport is connected to Rouyn-Noranda Airport
Baie-Comeau Airport is connected to Bonaventure Airport
Baie-Comeau Airport is connected to Mont-Joli Airport
Baie-Comeau Airport is connected to Îles-de-la-Madeleine Airport
Baie-Comeau Airport is connected to Havre Saint-Pierre Airport
Baie-Comeau Airport is connected to Québec City Jean Lesage International Airport
Baie-Comeau Airport is connected to Val-d'Or Airport
Daigo Kobayashi has gender male
Daigo Kobayashi has gender female
Daigo Kobayashi has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Daigo Kobayashi has gender Tomsk
Daigo Kobayashi has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Daigo Kobayashi has gender United Kingdom
Daigo Kobayashi has gender London Heathrow Terminal 3
Daigo Kobayashi has gender Azerbaijan
Daigo Kobayashi has gender Italy
Daigo Kobayashi has gender Africa
Alberto Marchetti plays for Novara Calcio
Alberto Marchetti plays for U.S. Arezzo
Alberto Marchetti plays for Ascoli Calcio 1898
Alberto Marchetti plays for Cagliari Calcio
Alberto Marchetti plays for Juventus F.C.
Alberto Marchetti plays for Udinese Calcio
Alberto Marchetti plays for Italy national football team
Alberto Marchetti plays for Atalanta B.C.
Alberto Marchetti plays for U.S.D. Arezzo
Alberto Marchetti plays for A.C. Siena
Wellington Sánchez is affiliated to Técnico Universitario
Wellington Sánchez is affiliated to Independiente del Valle
Wellington Sánchez is affiliated to Club Deportivo El Nacional
Wellington Sánchez is affiliated to Club Sport Emelec
Wellington Sánchez is affiliated to Sociedad Deportiva Aucas
Wellington Sánchez is affiliated to Ecuador national football team
Wellington Sánchez is affiliated to Universidad Católica del Ecuador
Wellington Sánchez is affiliated to LA Galaxy
Wellington Sánchez is affiliated to New York Red Bulls
Wellington Sánchez is affiliated to LDU Quito
Simone Fautario plays for U.S. Pistoiese 1921
Simone Fautario plays for Calcio Como
Simone Fautario plays for U.S. Grosseto F.C.
Simone Fautario plays for Frosinone Calcio
Simone Fautario plays for Inter Milan
Simone Fautario plays for S.S.D. Pro Sesto Calcio
Simone Fautario plays for Hellas Verona F.C.
Simone Fautario plays for Parma F.C.
Simone Fautario plays for A.C. Monza Brianza 1912
Simone Fautario plays for A.S. Lucchese Libertas 1905
David Bryson has gender male
David Bryson has gender female
David Bryson has gender César Award
David Bryson has gender Golden Globe Award
David Bryson has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
David Bryson has gender United Kingdom
David Bryson has gender wordnet plastic 114592610
David Bryson has gender Azerbaijan
David Bryson has gender wordnet chemical 114806838
David Bryson has gender Republican Party (United States)
Deep End (film) is located in West Germany
Deep End (film) is located in Germany
Deep End (film) is located in Poland
Deep End (film) is located in United States
Deep End (film) is located in United Kingdom
Deep End (film) is located in France
Deep End (film) is located in Italy
Deep End (film) is located in Canada
Deep End (film) is located in India
Deep End (film) is located in Soviet Union
Kenji Arai is affiliated to Albirex Niigata Singapore FC
Kenji Arai is affiliated to Hougang United FC
Kenji Arai is affiliated to Albirex Niigata
Kenji Arai is affiliated to Warriors F.C.
Kenji Arai is affiliated to Sporting Clube de Goa
Kenji Arai is affiliated to Home United FC
Kenji Arai is affiliated to Woodlands Wellington FC
Kenji Arai is affiliated to Balestier Khalsa FC
Kenji Arai is affiliated to Geylang International FC
Kenji Arai is affiliated to Tampines Rovers FC
Danny Granville plays for Crystal Palace F.C.
Danny Granville plays for Norwich City F.C.
Danny Granville plays for Leyton Orient F.C.
Danny Granville plays for England national under-21 football team
Danny Granville plays for Hemel Hempstead Town F.C.
Danny Granville plays for Manchester City F.C.
Danny Granville plays for Cambridge United F.C.
Danny Granville plays for Colchester United F.C.
Danny Granville plays for Chelsea F.C.
Danny Granville plays for Leeds United A.F.C.
Leonid Hurwicz has gender male
Leonid Hurwicz has gender female
Leonid Hurwicz has gender United Kingdom
Leonid Hurwicz has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Leonid Hurwicz has gender Hong Kong
Leonid Hurwicz has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Leonid Hurwicz has gender Tomsk
Leonid Hurwicz has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Leonid Hurwicz has gender Turkey
Leonid Hurwicz has gender Azerbaijan
Neale Cooper plays for Dunfermline Athletic F.C.
Neale Cooper plays for Ross County F.C.
Neale Cooper plays for Scotland national under-21 football team
Neale Cooper plays for Reading F.C.
Neale Cooper plays for Rangers F.C.
Neale Cooper plays for Aston Villa F.C.
Neale Cooper plays for Aberdeen F.C.
Neale Cooper plays for Scotland national football team
Neale Cooper plays for Dundee United F.C.
Neale Cooper plays for Dundee F.C.
José Bello Amigo plays for Bankstown Berries FC
José Bello Amigo plays for St George FC
José Bello Amigo plays for Jerez Industrial CF
José Bello Amigo plays for APIA Leichhardt Tigers FC
José Bello Amigo plays for Racing de Ferrol
José Bello Amigo plays for Polideportivo Ejido
José Bello Amigo plays for Marconi Stallions FC
José Bello Amigo plays for Australia national association football team
José Bello Amigo plays for Sydney United 58 FC
José Bello Amigo plays for Sydney Olympic FC
Marijan Brnčić is affiliated to K.S.V. Waregem
Marijan Brnčić is affiliated to NK Trešnjevka
Marijan Brnčić is affiliated to K.V. Kortrijk
Marijan Brnčić is affiliated to HNK Rijeka
Marijan Brnčić is affiliated to Yugoslavia national football team
Marijan Brnčić is affiliated to GNK Dinamo Zagreb
Marijan Brnčić is affiliated to N.K. Dinamo Zagreb
Marijan Brnčić is affiliated to H.N.K. Rijeka
Marijan Brnčić is affiliated to Croatia national football team
Marijan Brnčić is affiliated to NK Zagreb
Geir Ludvig Fevang is affiliated to FK Haugesund
Geir Ludvig Fevang is affiliated to IK Start
Geir Ludvig Fevang is affiliated to K.S.C. Lokeren Oost-Vlaanderen
Geir Ludvig Fevang is affiliated to Sandefjord Fotball
Geir Ludvig Fevang is affiliated to Vålerenga Fotball
Geir Ludvig Fevang is affiliated to Norway national football team
Geir Ludvig Fevang is affiliated to Kongsvinger IL Toppfotball
Geir Ludvig Fevang is affiliated to Norway national under-21 football team
Geir Ludvig Fevang is affiliated to Skeid Fotball
Geir Ludvig Fevang is affiliated to Notodden FK
Bent Skammelsrud plays for Frigg Oslo FK
Bent Skammelsrud plays for Drøbak-Frogn IL
Bent Skammelsrud plays for Rosenborg BK
Bent Skammelsrud plays for Norway national football team
Bent Skammelsrud plays for Norway national under-21 football team
Bent Skammelsrud plays for Malmö FF
Bent Skammelsrud plays for Bayer 04 Leverkusen
Bent Skammelsrud plays for Vålerenga Fotball
Bent Skammelsrud plays for Lillestrøm SK
Bent Skammelsrud plays for SK Brann
Joeano has gender male
Joeano has gender female
Joeano has gender United Kingdom
Joeano has gender César Award
Joeano has gender Azerbaijan
Joeano has gender Hong Kong
Joeano has gender Turkey
Joeano has gender Tomsk
Joeano has gender London
Joeano has gender United Arab Emirates
Andrea Gaveglia is affiliated to S.S. Ebolitana 1925
Andrea Gaveglia is affiliated to A.S.D. Olimpia Colligiana
Andrea Gaveglia is affiliated to A.S. Martina Franca 1947
Andrea Gaveglia is affiliated to A.S. Avellino 1912
Andrea Gaveglia is affiliated to A.S.D. Fidelis Andria 1928
Andrea Gaveglia is affiliated to A.C.R. Messina
Andrea Gaveglia is affiliated to S.S.C. Giugliano
Andrea Gaveglia is affiliated to S.S.C. Napoli
Andrea Gaveglia is affiliated to Benevento Calcio
Andrea Gaveglia is affiliated to U.S. Catanzaro 1929
"Archie Stark was born in Kearny, New Jersey"
"Archie Stark was born in Fall River, Massachusetts"
Archie Stark was born in St. Louis
Archie Stark was born in Kirkintilloch
Archie Stark was born in London
"Archie Stark was born in Harrison, New Jersey"
Archie Stark was born in Glasgow
Archie Stark was born in Philadelphia
"Archie Stark was born in Washington, D.C."
Archie Stark was born in Baltimore
Daniel Solsona plays for UE Sant Andreu
Daniel Solsona plays for SC Bastia
Daniel Solsona plays for Racing Club de France football Colombes 92
Daniel Solsona plays for Spain national football team
Daniel Solsona plays for Valencia CF
Daniel Solsona plays for Spain national under-18 football team
Daniel Solsona plays for Stade Rennais F.C.
Daniel Solsona plays for S.C. Bastia
Daniel Solsona plays for RCD Espanyol
Daniel Solsona plays for R.C.D. Espanyol de Barcelona
Rachel Unitt is affiliated to England women's national football team
Rachel Unitt is affiliated to Birmingham City L.F.C.
Rachel Unitt is affiliated to Everton L.F.C.
Rachel Unitt is affiliated to Fulham L.F.C.
Rachel Unitt is affiliated to Notts County Ladies F.C.
Rachel Unitt is affiliated to New Jersey Wildcats
Rachel Unitt is affiliated to Great Britain women's Olympic football team
Rachel Unitt is affiliated to Chelsea L.F.C.
Rachel Unitt is affiliated to Arsenal L.F.C.
Rachel Unitt is affiliated to Charlton Athletic L.F.C.
"Whippany, New Jersey is located in Morris County, New Jersey"
"Whippany, New Jersey is located in New Jersey"
"Whippany, New Jersey is located in United States"
"Whippany, New Jersey is located in Morris County (New Jersey)"
"Whippany, New Jersey is located in Monmouth County, New Jersey"
"Whippany, New Jersey is located in Ocean County, New Jersey"
"Whippany, New Jersey is located in India"
"Whippany, New Jersey is located in Pennsylvania"
"Whippany, New Jersey is located in Bergen County, New Jersey"
"Whippany, New Jersey is located in United Kingdom"
Firehouse Dog is located in United States
Firehouse Dog is located in United Kingdom
Firehouse Dog is located in Germany
Firehouse Dog is located in Canada
Firehouse Dog is located in India
Firehouse Dog is located in France
Firehouse Dog is located in Italy
Firehouse Dog is located in China
Firehouse Dog is located in Hong Kong
Firehouse Dog is located in Japan
Néstor Fabbri is affiliated to Argentina national football team
Néstor Fabbri is affiliated to Boca Juniors
Néstor Fabbri is affiliated to FC Nantes
Néstor Fabbri is affiliated to Racing Club de Avellaneda
Néstor Fabbri is affiliated to All Boys
Néstor Fabbri is affiliated to Club Atlético Lanús
Néstor Fabbri is affiliated to Estudiantes de La Plata
Néstor Fabbri is affiliated to En Avant de Guingamp
Néstor Fabbri is affiliated to F.C. Nantes
Néstor Fabbri is affiliated to América de Cali
Miguel Barreto plays for Central Córdoba de Rosario
Miguel Barreto plays for Atlético Tucumán
Miguel Barreto plays for KS Dinamo Tirana
Miguel Barreto plays for Unión de Santa Fe
Miguel Barreto plays for Montevideo Wanderers F.C.
Miguel Barreto plays for Paykan F.C.
Miguel Barreto plays for Kitchee SC
Miguel Barreto plays for Instituto Atlético Central Córdoba
Miguel Barreto plays for Newell's Old Boys
Miguel Barreto plays for Tiro Federal
François Lemasson is affiliated to AS Cannes
François Lemasson is affiliated to Stade Malherbe Caen
François Lemasson is affiliated to S.M. Caen
François Lemasson is affiliated to Red Star F.C.
François Lemasson is affiliated to A.S. Cannes Football
François Lemasson is affiliated to Olympique Lyonnais
François Lemasson is affiliated to Paris Saint-Germain F.C.
François Lemasson is affiliated to Montpellier H.S.C.
François Lemasson is affiliated to Olympique de Marseille
François Lemasson is affiliated to Montpellier HSC
Waddy Wachtel has musical role wordnet vocal music 107282006
Waddy Wachtel has musical role wordnet guitar 103467517
Waddy Wachtel has musical role wordnet piano 103928116
Waddy Wachtel has musical role wordnet synthesist 110687231
Waddy Wachtel has musical role wordnet bass guitar 102804123
Waddy Wachtel has musical role wordnet keyboard 103614007
Waddy Wachtel has musical role wordnet drum 103249569
Waddy Wachtel has musical role wordnet harmonica 103494278
Waddy Wachtel has musical role wordnet percussion 100545059
Waddy Wachtel has musical role wordnet violin 104536866
Ronnie McKinnon is affiliated to Durban United F.C.
Ronnie McKinnon is affiliated to Scotland national football team
Ronnie McKinnon is affiliated to Rangers F.C.
Ronnie McKinnon is affiliated to Scottish Football League XI
Ronnie McKinnon is affiliated to Dundee F.C.
Ronnie McKinnon is affiliated to Heart of Midlothian F.C.
Ronnie McKinnon is affiliated to Scotland national under-21 football team
Ronnie McKinnon is affiliated to Hibernian F.C.
Ronnie McKinnon is affiliated to Aberdeen F.C.
Ronnie McKinnon is affiliated to Celtic F.C.
Vlatko Đolonga plays for NK Uskok
Vlatko Đolonga plays for NK Mosor
Vlatko Đolonga plays for HNK Hajduk Split
Vlatko Đolonga plays for NK Solin
Vlatko Đolonga plays for NK Orijent
Vlatko Đolonga plays for NK Hrvatski Dragovoljac
Vlatko Đolonga plays for RNK Split
Vlatko Đolonga plays for Croatia national football team
Vlatko Đolonga plays for H.N.K. Hajduk Split
Vlatko Đolonga plays for Deportivo Alavés
Jamie Winter plays for Broughty Athletic F.C.
Jamie Winter plays for Formartine United F.C.
Jamie Winter plays for Montrose F.C.
Jamie Winter plays for Aberdeen F.C.
Jamie Winter plays for St. Johnstone F.C.
Jamie Winter plays for Chesterfield F.C.
Jamie Winter plays for Leeds United A.F.C.
Jamie Winter plays for Dundee United F.C.
Jamie Winter plays for Dundee F.C.
Jamie Winter plays for Scotland national under-21 football team
Feridun Sungur plays for Giresunspor
Feridun Sungur plays for Karşıyaka S.K.
Feridun Sungur plays for Denizlispor
Feridun Sungur plays for Trabzonspor
Feridun Sungur plays for Samsunspor
Feridun Sungur plays for FK Novi Pazar
Feridun Sungur plays for Akçaabat Sebatspor
Feridun Sungur plays for Elazığspor
Feridun Sungur plays for Manisaspor
Feridun Sungur plays for Adanaspor
Ian Bogie plays for Wallsend Boys Club
Ian Bogie plays for Gateshead F.C.
Ian Bogie plays for Newcastle United F.C.
Ian Bogie plays for Port Vale F.C.
Ian Bogie plays for Bedlington Terriers F.C.
Ian Bogie plays for Preston North End F.C.
Ian Bogie plays for Kidderminster Harriers F.C.
Ian Bogie plays for Leyton Orient F.C.
Ian Bogie plays for Millwall F.C.
Ian Bogie plays for Blyth Spartans A.F.C.
Mickaël Ménétrier plays for R.E. Virton
Mickaël Ménétrier plays for F91 Dudelange
Mickaël Ménétrier plays for FC Metz
Mickaël Ménétrier plays for A.F.C. Bournemouth
Mickaël Ménétrier plays for AS Cherbourg Football
Mickaël Ménétrier plays for F.C. Metz
Mickaël Ménétrier plays for US Boulogne
Mickaël Ménétrier plays for F.C. Istres Ouest Provence
Mickaël Ménétrier plays for FC Istres
Mickaël Ménétrier plays for Stade de Reims
Alan Whittle plays for Preston Lions FC
Alan Whittle plays for Crystal Palace F.C.
Alan Whittle plays for A.F.C. Bournemouth
Alan Whittle plays for Everton F.C.
Alan Whittle plays for Leyton Orient F.C.
Alan Whittle plays for Ebbsfleet United F.C.
Alan Whittle plays for Persepolis F.C.
Alan Whittle plays for Sheffield United F.C.
Alan Whittle plays for England national football team
Alan Whittle plays for Millwall F.C.
Evren Erdeniz is affiliated to Pazarspor
Evren Erdeniz is affiliated to Ankaraspor A.Ş.
Evren Erdeniz is affiliated to Karşıyaka S.K.
Evren Erdeniz is affiliated to Göztepe S.K.
Evren Erdeniz is affiliated to MKE Ankaragücü
Evren Erdeniz is affiliated to Denizlispor
Evren Erdeniz is affiliated to Çaykur Rizespor
Evren Erdeniz is affiliated to Kayserispor
Evren Erdeniz is affiliated to Trabzonspor
Evren Erdeniz is affiliated to Diyarbakırspor
Oleksandr Chyzhevskyi plays for FC Volyn Lutsk
Oleksandr Chyzhevskyi plays for SC Tavriya Simferopol
Oleksandr Chyzhevskyi plays for Ukraine national football team
Oleksandr Chyzhevskyi plays for FC Karpaty Lviv
Oleksandr Chyzhevskyi plays for FC Metalurh Zaporizhya
Oleksandr Chyzhevskyi plays for FC Hoverla Uzhhorod
Oleksandr Chyzhevskyi plays for FC Shakhtar Donetsk
Oleksandr Chyzhevskyi plays for S.K. Tavriya Simferopol
Oleksandr Chyzhevskyi plays for F.C. Shakhtar Donetsk
Oleksandr Chyzhevskyi plays for FC Metalist Kharkiv
Nikita Khokhlov (Kazakhstani footballer) plays for Kazakhstan national football team
Nikita Khokhlov (Kazakhstani footballer) plays for FC Astana-1964
Nikita Khokhlov (Kazakhstani footballer) plays for FC Astana
Nikita Khokhlov (Kazakhstani footballer) plays for Kazakhstan national under-21 football team
Nikita Khokhlov (Kazakhstani footballer) plays for FC Aktobe
Nikita Khokhlov (Kazakhstani footballer) plays for PFC CSKA Moscow
Nikita Khokhlov (Kazakhstani footballer) plays for FC Shakhter Karagandy
Nikita Khokhlov (Kazakhstani footballer) plays for FC Irtysh Pavlodar
Nikita Khokhlov (Kazakhstani footballer) plays for FC Kairat
Nikita Khokhlov (Kazakhstani footballer) plays for FC Tobol
Battle of Río Salado happened in Kingdom of León
Battle of Río Salado happened in Marinid dynasty
Battle of Río Salado happened in Kingdom of Castile
Battle of Río Salado happened in Kingdom of Portugal
Battle of Río Salado happened in Emirate of Granada
Battle of Río Salado happened in Tarifa
Battle of Río Salado happened in Spain
Battle of Río Salado happened in Portugal
Battle of Río Salado happened in Castile (historical region)
Battle of Río Salado happened in Iberian Peninsula
Włodzimierz Lubański was born in Zabrze
Włodzimierz Lubański was born in Kraków
Włodzimierz Lubański was born in Warsaw
Włodzimierz Lubański was born in Ruda Śląska
Włodzimierz Lubański was born in Łódź
Włodzimierz Lubański was born in Mechelen
Włodzimierz Lubański was born in Paris
Włodzimierz Lubański was born in Katowice
Włodzimierz Lubański was born in Sarajevo
Włodzimierz Lubański was born in Gliwice
Karl Marginson is affiliated to Flixton F.C.
Karl Marginson is affiliated to Salford City F.C.
Karl Marginson is affiliated to Curzon Ashton F.C.
Karl Marginson is affiliated to Hyde F.C.
Karl Marginson is affiliated to Chorley F.C.
Karl Marginson is affiliated to Ashton United F.C.
Karl Marginson is affiliated to Droylsden F.C.
Karl Marginson is affiliated to Bacup &amp; Rossendale Borough F.C.
Karl Marginson is affiliated to Stalybridge Celtic F.C.
Karl Marginson is affiliated to Radcliffe Borough F.C.
Yale School of Medicine is located in Connecticut
Yale School of Medicine is located in United States
Yale School of Medicine is located in Massachusetts
Yale School of Medicine is located in California
Yale School of Medicine is located in New York metropolitan area
"Yale School of Medicine is located in New Haven, Connecticut"
Yale School of Medicine is located in New Haven
"Yale School of Medicine is located in Hartford County, Connecticut"
Yale School of Medicine is located in Pennsylvania
Yale School of Medicine is located in United Kingdom
Nik Mrdja plays for Bayswater City SC
Nik Mrdja plays for Perth Glory FC
Nik Mrdja plays for Melbourne Victory FC
Nik Mrdja plays for Canberra Cosmos FC
Nik Mrdja plays for Perth SC
Nik Mrdja plays for Central Coast Mariners FC
Nik Mrdja plays for AIK Fotboll
Nik Mrdja plays for Australia national association football team
Nik Mrdja plays for Melbourne Victory F.C.
Nik Mrdja plays for AIK Solna
Bronisław Bula is affiliated to Arras Football Association
Bronisław Bula is affiliated to FC Rouen
Bronisław Bula is affiliated to Poland national football team
Bronisław Bula is affiliated to Ruch Chorzów
Bronisław Bula is affiliated to Górnik Zabrze
Bronisław Bula is affiliated to Legia Warsaw
Bronisław Bula is affiliated to Śląsk Wrocław
Bronisław Bula is affiliated to Wisła Kraków
Bronisław Bula is affiliated to Polonia Warsaw
Bronisław Bula is affiliated to Poland national under-21 football team
Gaziantepspor owns Gaziantepspor
Gaziantepspor owns Mersin
Gaziantepspor owns Ankara
Gaziantepspor owns Azerbaijan
Gaziantepspor owns Turkey
Gaziantepspor owns Kayseri
Gaziantepspor owns Sivas
Gaziantepspor owns Eskişehir
Gaziantepspor owns Antalya
Gaziantepspor owns Bursaspor
Velimir Grgić plays for Holstein Kiel
Velimir Grgić plays for TuS Koblenz
Velimir Grgić plays for HNK Cibalia
Velimir Grgić plays for SV Sandhausen
Velimir Grgić plays for 1. FC Saarbrücken
Velimir Grgić plays for Kickers Emden
Velimir Grgić plays for 1.F.C. Saarbrücken
Velimir Grgić plays for Arminia Bielefeld
Velimir Grgić plays for SC Paderborn 07
Velimir Grgić plays for Hamburger SV
Cesare Augusto Fasanelli is affiliated to S.S. Alba-Audace Roma
Cesare Augusto Fasanelli is affiliated to Parma F.C.
Cesare Augusto Fasanelli is affiliated to A.S. Roma
Cesare Augusto Fasanelli is affiliated to ACF Fiorentina
Cesare Augusto Fasanelli is affiliated to A.C. Pisa 1909
Cesare Augusto Fasanelli is affiliated to Genoa C.F.C.
Cesare Augusto Fasanelli is affiliated to A.C.F. Fiorentina
Cesare Augusto Fasanelli is affiliated to A.C. Pisa 1909 S.S.D.
Cesare Augusto Fasanelli is affiliated to Italy national football team
Cesare Augusto Fasanelli is affiliated to Inter Milan
Alex Antônio de Melo Santos plays for Kashiwa Reysol
Alex Antônio de Melo Santos plays for Kashima Antlers
Alex Antônio de Melo Santos plays for Avispa Fukuoka
Alex Antônio de Melo Santos plays for Tokushima Vortis
Alex Antônio de Melo Santos plays for Kawasaki Frontale
Alex Antônio de Melo Santos plays for JEF United Ichihara Chiba
Alex Antônio de Melo Santos plays for Cruzeiro Esporte Clube
Alex Antônio de Melo Santos plays for Cruzeiro E.C.
Alex Antônio de Melo Santos plays for Tokyo Verdy
Alex Antônio de Melo Santos plays for Cerezo Osaka
Clifford Nelson Fyle graduated from University of California
Clifford Nelson Fyle graduated from Durham University
Clifford Nelson Fyle graduated from Indiana University
"Clifford Nelson Fyle graduated from University of California, Berkeley"
Clifford Nelson Fyle graduated from Fourah Bay College
Clifford Nelson Fyle graduated from Columbia University
Clifford Nelson Fyle graduated from Harvard University
Clifford Nelson Fyle graduated from Johns Hopkins University
Clifford Nelson Fyle graduated from Clifford Nelson Fyle
Clifford Nelson Fyle graduated from University of Michigan
Kwok Tak-Seng has gender male
Kwok Tak-Seng has gender female
Kwok Tak-Seng has gender César Award
Kwok Tak-Seng has gender Golden Globe Award
Kwok Tak-Seng has gender Brazil
Kwok Tak-Seng has gender Turkey
Kwok Tak-Seng has gender Africa
Kwok Tak-Seng has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Kwok Tak-Seng has gender United Kingdom
Kwok Tak-Seng has gender Tomsk
Obafemi Martins was born in Lagos
Obafemi Martins was born in London
Obafemi Martins was born in Warri
Obafemi Martins was born in Kaduna
Obafemi Martins was born in Birmingham
Obafemi Martins was born in Newcastle upon Tyne
Obafemi Martins was born in Accra
Obafemi Martins was born in Abidjan
Obafemi Martins was born in Paris
Obafemi Martins was born in Dakar
Kang Chul plays for South Korea national under-23 football team
Kang Chul plays for Yonsei University
Kang Chul plays for South Korea national under-20 football team
Kang Chul plays for Jeju United FC
Kang Chul plays for Jeonnam Dragons
Kang Chul plays for South Korea national football team
Kang Chul plays for LASK Linz
Kang Chul plays for pl/Yonsei University
Kang Chul plays for Pohang Steelers
Kang Chul plays for L.A.S.K. Linz
Rosen Kirilov plays for FC Bdin
Rosen Kirilov plays for PFC Litex Lovech
Rosen Kirilov plays for Bulgaria national football team
Rosen Kirilov plays for PFC CSKA Sofia
Rosen Kirilov plays for FC Vaslui
Rosen Kirilov plays for APOP Kinyras FC
Rosen Kirilov plays for Adanaspor
Rosen Kirilov plays for PFC Levski Sofia
Rosen Kirilov plays for PFC Lokomotiv Sofia
Rosen Kirilov plays for PFC Slavia Sofia
Aaron Steele plays for Brampton United
Aaron Steele plays for Hamilton Thunder
Aaron Steele plays for Norwich City F.C.
Aaron Steele plays for Toronto Lynx
Aaron Steele plays for York Region Shooters
Aaron Steele plays for Canada men's national under-20 soccer team
Aaron Steele plays for Canada men's national soccer team
Aaron Steele plays for Montreal Impact
Aaron Steele plays for Durham Storm
Aaron Steele plays for Vancouver Whitecaps (1986–2010)
Wilson Constantino Novo Estrela is affiliated to O Elvas C.A.D.
Wilson Constantino Novo Estrela is affiliated to Caldas Sport Clube
Wilson Constantino Novo Estrela is affiliated to Angola national football team
Wilson Constantino Novo Estrela is affiliated to A.D. Ovarense
Wilson Constantino Novo Estrela is affiliated to S.C. Olhanense
Wilson Constantino Novo Estrela is affiliated to G.C. Alcobaça
Wilson Constantino Novo Estrela is affiliated to C.F. Os Belenenses
Wilson Constantino Novo Estrela is affiliated to Gil Vicente F.C.
Wilson Constantino Novo Estrela is affiliated to U.D. Leiria
Wilson Constantino Novo Estrela is affiliated to Boavista F.C.
Patrick Agyemang plays for Brentford F.C.
Patrick Agyemang plays for Gillingham F.C.
Patrick Agyemang plays for Queens Park Rangers F.C.
Patrick Agyemang plays for Bristol City F.C.
Patrick Agyemang plays for Portsmouth F.C.
Patrick Agyemang plays for Wimbledon F.C.
Patrick Agyemang plays for Preston North End F.C.
Patrick Agyemang plays for Millwall F.C.
Patrick Agyemang plays for Stevenage F.C.
Patrick Agyemang plays for Ghana national football team
Rubén Antonio Rivera is affiliated to Águilas del Motagua
Rubén Antonio Rivera is affiliated to Honduras national under-20 football team
Rubén Antonio Rivera is affiliated to C.D. Motagua
Rubén Antonio Rivera is affiliated to Honduras national football team
Rubén Antonio Rivera is affiliated to C.D. Victoria
Rubén Antonio Rivera is affiliated to Honduras national under-23 football team
Rubén Antonio Rivera is affiliated to Honduras national under-17 football team
Rubén Antonio Rivera is affiliated to Club Deportivo Olimpia
Rubén Antonio Rivera is affiliated to C.D. Marathón
Rubén Antonio Rivera is affiliated to Real C.D. España
Dejan Stanković is affiliated to F.K. Red Star Belgrade
Dejan Stanković is affiliated to Red Star Belgrade
Dejan Stanković is affiliated to FK Teleoptik
Dejan Stanković is affiliated to S.S. Lazio
Dejan Stanković is affiliated to Inter Milan
Dejan Stanković is affiliated to Serbia national football team
Dejan Stanković is affiliated to Yugoslavia national football team
Dejan Stanković is affiliated to FK Partizan
Dejan Stanković is affiliated to F.K. Partizan
Dejan Stanković is affiliated to Serbia national under-21 football team
Yan Tsiharow is affiliated to Belarus national football team
Yan Tsiharow is affiliated to Belarus national under-21 football team
Yan Tsiharow is affiliated to FC Dinamo Minsk
Yan Tsiharow is affiliated to FC Metalurh Zaporizhya
Yan Tsiharow is affiliated to FC Lokomotiv Moscow
Yan Tsiharow is affiliated to FC Tom Tomsk
Yan Tsiharow is affiliated to Belarus national under-23 football team
Yan Tsiharow is affiliated to FC Gomel
Yan Tsiharow is affiliated to FC BATE Borisov
Yan Tsiharow is affiliated to FC Dynamo Moscow
Ezio Sella is affiliated to Atletico Roma F.C.
Ezio Sella is affiliated to Brescia Calcio
Ezio Sella is affiliated to Hellas Verona F.C.
Ezio Sella is affiliated to Bologna F.C. 1909
Ezio Sella is affiliated to U.C. Sampdoria
Ezio Sella is affiliated to ACF Fiorentina
Ezio Sella is affiliated to U.S. Arezzo
Ezio Sella is affiliated to A.C.F. Fiorentina
Ezio Sella is affiliated to Italy national football team
Ezio Sella is affiliated to Italy national under-21 football team
Sammi Cheng has gender female
Sammi Cheng has gender male
Sammi Cheng has gender Turkey
Sammi Cheng has gender Azerbaijan
Sammi Cheng has gender Independent (politician)
Sammi Cheng has gender United Kingdom
Sammi Cheng has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Sammi Cheng has gender Republican Party (United States)
Sammi Cheng has gender Tomsk
Sammi Cheng has gender Baku
Wong Yiu Fu plays for HKFC Soccer Section
Wong Yiu Fu plays for Sun Hei SC
Wong Yiu Fu plays for Citizen AA
Wong Yiu Fu plays for Eastern AA
Wong Yiu Fu plays for Happy Valley AA
Wong Yiu Fu plays for Hong Kong Rangers FC
Wong Yiu Fu plays for South China AA
Wong Yiu Fu plays for Hong Kong national football team
Wong Yiu Fu plays for Kitchee SC
Wong Yiu Fu plays for Sun Pegasus FC
Nico Claesen plays for Belgium national football team
Nico Claesen plays for K. Beringen F.C.
Nico Claesen plays for K. Patro Eisden Maasmechelen
Nico Claesen plays for Standard Liège
Nico Claesen plays for Royal Antwerp F.C.
Nico Claesen plays for K.V. Oostende
Nico Claesen plays for K. Sint-Niklase S.K.E.
Nico Claesen plays for Beerschot AC
Nico Claesen plays for RFC Liège
Nico Claesen plays for R.F.C. Seraing
Giandomenico Mesto is affiliated to Italy national under-20 football team
Giandomenico Mesto is affiliated to Italy national under-21 football team
Giandomenico Mesto is affiliated to Fermana F.C.
Giandomenico Mesto is affiliated to S.S.C. Napoli
Giandomenico Mesto is affiliated to Reggina Calcio
Giandomenico Mesto is affiliated to Genoa C.F.C.
Giandomenico Mesto is affiliated to Udinese Calcio
Giandomenico Mesto is affiliated to Italy national football team
Giandomenico Mesto is affiliated to Italy national under-18 football team
Giandomenico Mesto is affiliated to U.S. Cremonese
Phenyo Mongala is affiliated to Township Rollers F.C.
Phenyo Mongala is affiliated to Mochudi Centre Chiefs SC
Phenyo Mongala is affiliated to Bloemfontein Celtic F.C.
Phenyo Mongala is affiliated to Platinum Stars F.C.
Phenyo Mongala is affiliated to Orlando Pirates
Phenyo Mongala is affiliated to University of Pretoria
Phenyo Mongala is affiliated to Botswana national football team
Phenyo Mongala is affiliated to University of Pretoria F.C.
Phenyo Mongala is affiliated to SuperSport United F.C.
Phenyo Mongala is affiliated to Notwane F.C.
Jimmy Walsh (footballer born 1954) plays for Windsor & Eton F.C.
Jimmy Walsh (footballer born 1954) plays for Slough Town F.C.
Jimmy Walsh (footballer born 1954) plays for Watford F.C.
Jimmy Walsh (footballer born 1954) plays for York City F.C.
Jimmy Walsh (footballer born 1954) plays for Frickley Athletic F.C.
Jimmy Walsh (footballer born 1954) plays for Brentford F.C.
Jimmy Walsh (footballer born 1954) plays for Reading F.C.
Jimmy Walsh (footballer born 1954) plays for Lincoln City F.C.
Jimmy Walsh (footballer born 1954) plays for Doncaster Rovers F.C.
Jimmy Walsh (footballer born 1954) plays for Chesham United F.C.
Sergey Stanev is affiliated to PFC Kaliakra Kavarna
Sergey Stanev is affiliated to PFC Brestnik 1948
Sergey Stanev is affiliated to PFC Naftex Burgas
Sergey Stanev is affiliated to FAC Team für Wien
Sergey Stanev is affiliated to PFC Spartak Varna
Sergey Stanev is affiliated to FC Sportist Svoge
Sergey Stanev is affiliated to PFC Slavia Sofia
Sergey Stanev is affiliated to PFC Levski Sofia
Sergey Stanev is affiliated to PSFC Chernomorets Burgas
Sergey Stanev is affiliated to PFC Lokomotiv Sofia
Kevin Wylie plays for Vermont Voltage
Kevin Wylie plays for Cape Cod Crusaders
Kevin Wylie plays for New England Revolution
Kevin Wylie plays for New Mexico Chiles
Kevin Wylie plays for Franklin Pierce University
Kevin Wylie plays for Richmond Kickers
Kevin Wylie plays for D.C. United
Kevin Wylie plays for Boston Bulldogs (soccer)
Kevin Wylie plays for Seacoast United Phantoms
Kevin Wylie plays for United States men's national soccer team
Qusay Munir plays for Iraq national football team
Qusay Munir plays for Erbil SC
Qusay Munir plays for Al-Sinaa SC
Qusay Munir plays for Al Shorta SC
Qusay Munir plays for Al-Zawra'a SC
Qusay Munir plays for Baghdad FC
Qusay Munir plays for Al-Khor Sports Club
Qusay Munir plays for Al Sharjah SC
Qusay Munir plays for Al Hazm (football club)
Qusay Munir plays for Al-Quwa Al-Jawiya
Bo Henriksen plays for Victory SC
Bo Henriksen plays for Køge BK
Bo Henriksen plays for Herfølge Boldklub
Bo Henriksen plays for Brønshøj BK
Bo Henriksen plays for Knattspyrnufélagið Fram
Bo Henriksen plays for Boldklubben Frem
Bo Henriksen plays for Valur Football Club
Bo Henriksen plays for Odense Boldklub
Bo Henriksen plays for Kidderminster Harriers F.C.
Bo Henriksen plays for Íþróttabandalag Vestmannaeyja
Norbert Schlegel plays for 1. FC Saarbrücken
Norbert Schlegel plays for SpVgg Greuther Fürth
Norbert Schlegel plays for 1. FC Nürnberg
Norbert Schlegel plays for Hertha BSC
Norbert Schlegel plays for 1. FC Nuremberg
Norbert Schlegel plays for 1.F.C. Saarbrücken
Norbert Schlegel plays for Germany national under-21 football team
Norbert Schlegel plays for Hamburger SV
Norbert Schlegel plays for Hertha BSC II
Norbert Schlegel plays for 1. FC Nürnberg II
Petar Krpan is affiliated to NK Grafičar Vodovod
Petar Krpan is affiliated to NK Osijek
Petar Krpan is affiliated to Croatia national football team
Petar Krpan is affiliated to NK Inter Zaprešić
Petar Krpan is affiliated to Jiangsu Guoxin-Sainty F.C.
Petar Krpan is affiliated to HNK Rijeka
Petar Krpan is affiliated to U.D. Leiria
Petar Krpan is affiliated to HNK Hajduk Split
Petar Krpan is affiliated to Sporting Clube de Portugal
Petar Krpan is affiliated to NK Zagreb
Marco Fabián plays for Mexico national under-23 football team
Marco Fabián plays for Mexico national under-20 football team
Marco Fabián plays for C.D. Guadalajara
Marco Fabián plays for Mexico national football team
Marco Fabián plays for Club Deportivo Tapatío
Marco Fabián plays for Cruz Azul
Marco Fabián plays for Mexico national under-17 football team
Marco Fabián plays for C.F. Pachuca
Marco Fabián plays for Santos Laguna
Marco Fabián plays for Tigres UANL
Ihor Leonov has gender male
Ihor Leonov has gender female
Ihor Leonov has gender United Kingdom
Ihor Leonov has gender Republican Party (United States)
Ihor Leonov has gender Turkey
Ihor Leonov has gender Golden Globe Award
Ihor Leonov has gender Hong Kong
Ihor Leonov has gender César Award
Ihor Leonov has gender wordnet electronics 106099269
Ihor Leonov has gender Democratic Party (United States)
Thankgod Amaefule is affiliated to Dolphins F.C. (Port Harcourt)
Thankgod Amaefule is affiliated to Jeziorak Iława
Thankgod Amaefule is affiliated to Okęcie Warszawa
Thankgod Amaefule is affiliated to Heartland F.C.
Thankgod Amaefule is affiliated to Sharks F.C.
Thankgod Amaefule is affiliated to PAOK FC
Thankgod Amaefule is affiliated to Veria F.C.
Thankgod Amaefule is affiliated to Nigeria national football team
Thankgod Amaefule is affiliated to P.A.O.K. Thessaloniki F.C.
Thankgod Amaefule is affiliated to Bridge Boys F.C.
Luis Bolaños plays for LDU Quito
Luis Bolaños plays for Club Social y Deportivo Macará
Luis Bolaños plays for Barcelona Sporting Club
Luis Bolaños plays for Ecuador national football team
Luis Bolaños plays for San Martín de San Juan
Luis Bolaños plays for Club Atlas
Luis Bolaños plays for Sport Club Internacional
Luis Bolaños plays for Santos FC
Luis Bolaños plays for Club Deportivo El Nacional
Luis Bolaños plays for Deportivo Quito
Gabriel Enrique Gómez was born in Panama City
Gabriel Enrique Gómez was born in Barranquilla
"Gabriel Enrique Gómez was born in Cartagena, Colombia"
Gabriel Enrique Gómez was born in Bogotá
Gabriel Enrique Gómez was born in Santa Marta
Gabriel Enrique Gómez was born in Rio de Janeiro
"Gabriel Enrique Gómez was born in Colón, Panama"
Gabriel Enrique Gómez was born in Tumaco
Gabriel Enrique Gómez was born in Buenos Aires
"Gabriel Enrique Gómez was born in Buenaventura, Valle del Cauca"
Sean Dunphy (footballer) plays for Stocksbridge Park Steels F.C.
Sean Dunphy (footballer) plays for Scarborough F.C.
Sean Dunphy (footballer) plays for Gainsborough Trinity F.C.
Sean Dunphy (footballer) plays for Doncaster Rovers F.C.
Sean Dunphy (footballer) plays for Lincoln City F.C.
Sean Dunphy (footballer) plays for Halifax Town A.F.C.
Sean Dunphy (footballer) plays for Barnsley F.C.
Sean Dunphy (footballer) plays for Kettering Town F.C.
Sean Dunphy (footballer) plays for Worksop Town F.C.
Sean Dunphy (footballer) plays for Boston United F.C.
Recep Biler is affiliated to Hacettepe University
Recep Biler is affiliated to Karşıyaka S.K.
Recep Biler is affiliated to Altay S.K.
Recep Biler is affiliated to Fenerbahçe S.K.
Recep Biler is affiliated to Turgutluspor
Recep Biler is affiliated to Gaziantepspor
Recep Biler is affiliated to Manisaspor
Recep Biler is affiliated to Fenerbahçe S.K. (football)
Recep Biler is affiliated to Balıkesirspor
Recep Biler is affiliated to Turkey national under-21 football team
Érick Vallecillo plays for Real C.D. España
Érick Vallecillo plays for C.S.D. Municipal
Érick Vallecillo plays for Atlético Choloma
Érick Vallecillo plays for Honduras national football team
Érick Vallecillo plays for C.D. Motagua
Érick Vallecillo plays for Club Deportivo Olimpia
Érick Vallecillo plays for Comayagua F.C.
Érick Vallecillo plays for C.D. Marathón
Érick Vallecillo plays for C.D. Victoria
Érick Vallecillo plays for Pumas UNAH
Mark Barnard (footballer) is affiliated to Alfreton Town F.C.
Mark Barnard (footballer) is affiliated to Belper Town F.C.
Mark Barnard (footballer) is affiliated to Worksop Town F.C.
Mark Barnard (footballer) is affiliated to Stalybridge Celtic F.C.
Mark Barnard (footballer) is affiliated to Tamworth F.C.
Mark Barnard (footballer) is affiliated to Rotherham United F.C.
Mark Barnard (footballer) is affiliated to Doncaster Rovers F.C.
Mark Barnard (footballer) is affiliated to Northwich Victoria F.C.
Mark Barnard (footballer) is affiliated to Darlington F.C.
Mark Barnard (footballer) is affiliated to Harrogate Town F.C.
Mark Quigley is affiliated to Republic of Ireland national under-23 football team
Mark Quigley is affiliated to Sligo Rovers F.C.
Mark Quigley is affiliated to Dundalk F.C.
Mark Quigley is affiliated to Bohemian F.C.
Mark Quigley is affiliated to St Patrick's Athletic F.C.
Mark Quigley is affiliated to Shamrock Rovers F.C.
Mark Quigley is affiliated to Millwall F.C.
Mark Quigley is affiliated to Republic of Ireland national under-21 football team
Mark Quigley is affiliated to League of Ireland XI
Mark Quigley is affiliated to Shelbourne F.C.
Billy Brawley is affiliated to Bellshill Athletic F.C.
Billy Brawley is affiliated to Motherwell F.C.
Billy Brawley is affiliated to Clyde F.C.
Billy Brawley is affiliated to Partick Thistle F.C.
Billy Brawley is affiliated to Celtic F.C.
Billy Brawley is affiliated to Hamilton Academical F.C.
Billy Brawley is affiliated to Ayr United F.C.
Billy Brawley is affiliated to Falkirk F.C.
Billy Brawley is affiliated to Dundee F.C.
Billy Brawley is affiliated to Scotland national football team
Pat Sharkey is affiliated to Omagh Town F.C.
Pat Sharkey is affiliated to Portadown F.C.
Pat Sharkey is affiliated to Sligo Rovers F.C.
Pat Sharkey is affiliated to Peterborough United F.C.
Pat Sharkey is affiliated to Colchester United F.C.
Pat Sharkey is affiliated to Ipswich Town F.C.
Pat Sharkey is affiliated to Millwall F.C.
Pat Sharkey is affiliated to Northern Ireland national football team
Pat Sharkey is affiliated to Mansfield Town F.C.
Pat Sharkey is affiliated to Derry City F.C.
Camille Libar plays for Toulouse FC (1937)
Camille Libar plays for FC Metz
Camille Libar plays for FC Girondins de Bordeaux
Camille Libar plays for F91 Dudelange
Camille Libar plays for Luxembourg national football team
Camille Libar plays for F.C. Metz
Camille Libar plays for RC Strasbourg
Camille Libar plays for F.C. Girondins de Bordeaux
Camille Libar plays for Toulouse F.C.
Camille Libar plays for Toulouse FC
Ann C. Crispin has gender male
Ann C. Crispin has gender female
Ann C. Crispin has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Ann C. Crispin has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Ann C. Crispin has gender United Kingdom
Ann C. Crispin has gender Turkey
Ann C. Crispin has gender César Award
Ann C. Crispin has gender London Heathrow Terminal 3
Ann C. Crispin has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Ann C. Crispin has gender Azerbaijan
Andrzej Szarmach is affiliated to Poland national football team
Andrzej Szarmach is affiliated to pl/Polonia Gdańsk
Andrzej Szarmach is affiliated to Stoczniowiec Gdańsk
Andrzej Szarmach is affiliated to Stal Mielec
Andrzej Szarmach is affiliated to AJ Auxerre
Andrzej Szarmach is affiliated to Górnik Zabrze
Andrzej Szarmach is affiliated to A.J. Auxerre
Andrzej Szarmach is affiliated to En Avant de Guingamp
Andrzej Szarmach is affiliated to Clermont Foot
Andrzej Szarmach is affiliated to Arka Gdynia
Christopher Gäng is affiliated to SG Sonnenhof Großaspach
Christopher Gäng is affiliated to RB Leipzig
Christopher Gäng is affiliated to SV Waldhof Mannheim
Christopher Gäng is affiliated to 1. FC Lokomotive Leipzig
Christopher Gäng is affiliated to Hertha BSC
Christopher Gäng is affiliated to Türkiyemspor Berlin
Christopher Gäng is affiliated to de/VfB Leipzig
Christopher Gäng is affiliated to Tennis Borussia Berlin
Christopher Gäng is affiliated to VfB Stuttgart
Christopher Gäng is affiliated to Germany national under-21 football team
Billy Hamilton (footballer) plays for Northern Ireland national football team
Billy Hamilton (footballer) plays for Lisburn Distillery F.C.
Billy Hamilton (footballer) plays for Coleraine F.C.
Billy Hamilton (footballer) plays for Linfield F.C.
Billy Hamilton (footballer) plays for Limerick F.C.
Billy Hamilton (footballer) plays for Sligo Rovers F.C.
Billy Hamilton (footballer) plays for Oxford United F.C.
Billy Hamilton (footballer) plays for Queens Park Rangers F.C.
Billy Hamilton (footballer) plays for Burnley F.C.
Billy Hamilton (footballer) plays for Glentoran F.C.
Parañaque is located in Metro Manila
Parañaque is located in Luzon
Parañaque is located in Philippines
Parañaque is located in Parañaque
Parañaque is located in nl/Luzon (eiland)
Parañaque is located in Pasay
Parañaque is located in United States
Parañaque is located in Asia
Parañaque is located in Quezon City
Parañaque is located in Makati
Sabah is located in Sabah
Sabah is located in Kota Kinabalu
Sabah is located in Sibu
Sabah is located in Malaysia
Sabah is located in East Malaysia
Sabah is located in China
Sabah is located in Asia
Sabah is located in United States
Sabah is located in Indonesia
Sabah is located in Japan
Tarek El-Sayed has gender male
Tarek El-Sayed has gender female
Tarek El-Sayed has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Tarek El-Sayed has gender France
Tarek El-Sayed has gender All-India Muslim League
Tarek El-Sayed has gender wordnet chemical 114806838
Tarek El-Sayed has gender wordnet electronics 106099269
Tarek El-Sayed has gender Azerbaijan
Tarek El-Sayed has gender Republican Party (United States)
Tarek El-Sayed has gender United Kingdom
Rob Rensenbrink is affiliated to AFC DWS
Rob Rensenbrink is affiliated to Club Brugge K.V.
Rob Rensenbrink is affiliated to Club Brugge KV
Rob Rensenbrink is affiliated to Portland Timbers (1975–82)
Rob Rensenbrink is affiliated to Netherlands national football team
Rob Rensenbrink is affiliated to R.S.C. Anderlecht
Rob Rensenbrink is affiliated to Toulouse F.C.
Rob Rensenbrink is affiliated to Toulouse FC
Rob Rensenbrink is affiliated to Portland Timbers
Rob Rensenbrink is affiliated to Feyenoord
Slavoljub Nikolić is affiliated to FK Radnički Niš
Slavoljub Nikolić is affiliated to AS Lyon-Duchère
Slavoljub Nikolić is affiliated to En Avant de Guingamp
Slavoljub Nikolić is affiliated to Stade Malherbe Caen
Slavoljub Nikolić is affiliated to Yugoslavia national football team
Slavoljub Nikolić is affiliated to AS Nancy
Slavoljub Nikolić is affiliated to S.M. Caen
Slavoljub Nikolić is affiliated to A.S. Nancy-Lorraine
Slavoljub Nikolić is affiliated to Red Star Belgrade
Slavoljub Nikolić is affiliated to F.K. Red Star Belgrade
Luanda is located in Luanda Province
Luanda is located in Angola
Luanda is located in Africa
Luanda is located in Portugal
Luanda is located in Brazil
Luanda is located in Portuguese Angola
Luanda is located in Europe
Luanda is located in Luanda
Luanda is located in Asia
Luanda is located in France
Daniel Paladini plays for San Fernando Valley Quakes
Daniel Paladini plays for LA Galaxy
Daniel Paladini plays for Chivas USA
Daniel Paladini plays for Chicago Fire Soccer Club
Daniel Paladini plays for Carolina RailHawks
Daniel Paladini plays for Columbus Crew
"Daniel Paladini plays for California State University, Northridge"
Daniel Paladini plays for Los Angeles Galaxy
Daniel Paladini plays for UCLA Bruins
Daniel Paladini plays for C.D. Chivas USA
Terry Nicholl has gender male
Terry Nicholl has gender female
Terry Nicholl has gender Azerbaijan
Terry Nicholl has gender Turkey
Terry Nicholl has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Terry Nicholl has gender César Award
Terry Nicholl has gender Tomsk
Terry Nicholl has gender Russia
Terry Nicholl has gender France
Terry Nicholl has gender United Kingdom
Emiliano Té is affiliated to C.D. Portosantense
Emiliano Té is affiliated to Louletano D.C.
Emiliano Té is affiliated to C.D. Mafra
Emiliano Té is affiliated to Guinea-Bissau national football team
Emiliano Té is affiliated to C.D. Tondela
Emiliano Té is affiliated to Yanbian Baekdu Tigers F.C.
Emiliano Té is affiliated to Odivelas F.C.
Emiliano Té is affiliated to U.D. Leiria
Emiliano Té is affiliated to FC Felgueiras
Emiliano Té is affiliated to C.D. Fátima
Tomasz Kiełbowicz plays for Siarka Tarnobrzeg
Tomasz Kiełbowicz plays for Raków Częstochowa
Tomasz Kiełbowicz plays for Widzew Łódź
Tomasz Kiełbowicz plays for Poland national football team
Tomasz Kiełbowicz plays for Legia Warsaw
Tomasz Kiełbowicz plays for Polonia Warsaw
Tomasz Kiełbowicz plays for de/Legia Warschau
Tomasz Kiełbowicz plays for Górnik Zabrze
Tomasz Kiełbowicz plays for Gwardia Warszawa
Tomasz Kiełbowicz plays for RKS Radomsko
Steven Pienaar is affiliated to South Africa national football team
Steven Pienaar is affiliated to Ajax Cape Town F.C.
Steven Pienaar is affiliated to AFC Ajax
Steven Pienaar is affiliated to Tottenham Hotspur F.C.
Steven Pienaar is affiliated to A.F.C. Ajax
Steven Pienaar is affiliated to Everton F.C.
Steven Pienaar is affiliated to Borussia Dortmund
Steven Pienaar is affiliated to South Africa national under-23 football team
Steven Pienaar is affiliated to Bidvest Wits F.C.
Steven Pienaar is affiliated to Kaizer Chiefs F.C.
Michael Stewart (footballer) is affiliated to Scotland national football team
Michael Stewart (footballer) is affiliated to Hibernian F.C.
Michael Stewart (footballer) is affiliated to Heart of Midlothian F.C.
Michael Stewart (footballer) is affiliated to Manchester United F.C.
Michael Stewart (footballer) is affiliated to Nottingham Forest F.C.
Michael Stewart (footballer) is affiliated to Gençlerbirliği S.K.
Michael Stewart (footballer) is affiliated to Rangers F.C.
Michael Stewart (footballer) is affiliated to Charlton Athletic F.C.
Michael Stewart (footballer) is affiliated to Scotland national under-21 football team
Michael Stewart (footballer) is affiliated to Scottish Football League XI
Joe Kennaway has gender male
Joe Kennaway has gender female
Joe Kennaway has gender France
Joe Kennaway has gender United Kingdom
Joe Kennaway has gender Azerbaijan
Joe Kennaway has gender Bulgaria
Joe Kennaway has gender Brazil
Joe Kennaway has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Joe Kennaway has gender United States
Joe Kennaway has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Téa Leoni was born in New York City
Téa Leoni was born in Los Angeles
Téa Leoni was born in London
Téa Leoni was born in Chicago
Téa Leoni was born in Detroit
Téa Leoni was born in San Francisco
"Téa Leoni was born in Santa Monica, California"
Téa Leoni was born in Boston
"Téa Leoni was born in Washington, D.C."
Téa Leoni was born in St. Louis
Róża Potocka (1780–1862) is married to Władysław Grzegorz Branicki
Róża Potocka (1780–1862) is married to Róża Potocka (1780–1862)
Róża Potocka (1780–1862) is married to Umberto II of Italy
Róża Potocka (1780–1862) is married to Grand Duke Michael Nikolaevich of Russia
Róża Potocka (1780–1862) is married to Catherine the Great
Róża Potocka (1780–1862) is married to Alexander I of Yugoslavia
Róża Potocka (1780–1862) is married to Pedro II of Brazil
Róża Potocka (1780–1862) is married to George IV of the United Kingdom
Róża Potocka (1780–1862) is married to Leopold III of Belgium
Róża Potocka (1780–1862) is married to Albert I of Belgium
Ivelin Popov has gender male
Ivelin Popov has gender female
Ivelin Popov has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Ivelin Popov has gender César Award
Ivelin Popov has gender Republican Party (United States)
Ivelin Popov has gender United Kingdom
Ivelin Popov has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Ivelin Popov has gender Democratic Party (United States)
Ivelin Popov has gender Tomsk
Ivelin Popov has gender Azerbaijan
Treviso Airport is connected to Cagliari Elmas Airport
Treviso Airport is connected to Vincenzo Florio Airport – Trapani Birgi
Treviso Airport is connected to Alghero-Fertilia Airport
Treviso Airport is connected to Henri Coandă International Airport
Treviso Airport is connected to Brussels South Charleroi Airport
Treviso Airport is connected to Beauvais–Tillé Airport
Treviso Airport is connected to Dublin Airport
Treviso Airport is connected to Eindhoven Airport
Treviso Airport is connected to Timișoara Traian Vuia International Airport
Treviso Airport is connected to Weeze Airport
Scott Parker plays for Charlton Athletic F.C.
Scott Parker plays for West Ham United F.C.
Scott Parker plays for Norwich City F.C.
Scott Parker plays for Fulham F.C.
Scott Parker plays for Chelsea F.C.
Scott Parker plays for Newcastle United F.C.
Scott Parker plays for Tottenham Hotspur F.C.
Scott Parker plays for England national under-18 football team
Scott Parker plays for England national under-21 football team
Scott Parker plays for England national under-16 football team
Frédéric de Saint-Sernin has gender male
Frédéric de Saint-Sernin has gender female
Frédéric de Saint-Sernin has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Frédéric de Saint-Sernin has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Frédéric de Saint-Sernin has gender Tomsk
Frédéric de Saint-Sernin has gender Addison Airport
Frédéric de Saint-Sernin has gender wordnet machinery 103701640
Frédéric de Saint-Sernin has gender London Heathrow Terminal 3
Frédéric de Saint-Sernin has gender wordnet chemical 114806838
Frédéric de Saint-Sernin has gender United Kingdom
Harlan Coben has gender male
Harlan Coben has gender female
Harlan Coben has gender Turkey
Harlan Coben has gender United Kingdom
Harlan Coben has gender Erasmus Prize
Harlan Coben has gender English language
Harlan Coben has gender Golden Globe Award
Harlan Coben has gender South Korea
Harlan Coben has gender France
Harlan Coben has gender Germany
The Four Days of Naples (film) is located in United States
The Four Days of Naples (film) is located in United Kingdom
The Four Days of Naples (film) is located in Italy
The Four Days of Naples (film) is located in France
The Four Days of Naples (film) is located in Germany
The Four Days of Naples (film) is located in India
The Four Days of Naples (film) is located in Canada
The Four Days of Naples (film) is located in Spain
The Four Days of Naples (film) is located in Japan
The Four Days of Naples (film) is located in China
Volkan Şen plays for Bursaspor
Volkan Şen plays for Turkey national football team
Volkan Şen plays for Turkey national under-21 football team
Volkan Şen plays for Trabzonspor
Volkan Şen plays for Beşiktaş J.K.
Volkan Şen plays for Fenerbahçe S.K. (football)
Volkan Şen plays for Turkey national football B team
Volkan Şen plays for MKE Ankaragücü
Volkan Şen plays for Gaziantepspor
Volkan Şen plays for Turkey national youth football team
Sitges is located in Garraf
Sitges is located in Barcelona (province)
Sitges is located in Catalonia
Sitges is located in Barcelona
Sitges is located in Spain
Sitges is located in Sitges
Sitges is located in Vallès Occidental
Sitges is located in Barcelonès
Sitges is located in Badalona
Sitges is located in Tarragona
Andy Dow is affiliated to Dundee F.C.
Andy Dow is affiliated to Aberdeen F.C.
Andy Dow is affiliated to Arbroath F.C.
Andy Dow is affiliated to Motherwell F.C.
Andy Dow is affiliated to Hibernian F.C.
Andy Dow is affiliated to Raith Rovers F.C.
Andy Dow is affiliated to Scotland national under-21 football team
Andy Dow is affiliated to Chelsea F.C.
Andy Dow is affiliated to Bradford City A.F.C.
Andy Dow is affiliated to St. Mirren F.C.
Scott Rickards is affiliated to Tamworth F.C.
Scott Rickards is affiliated to Solihull Moors F.C.
Scott Rickards is affiliated to Barwell F.C.
Scott Rickards is affiliated to Chasetown F.C.
Scott Rickards is affiliated to Nuneaton Town F.C.
Scott Rickards is affiliated to Kidderminster Harriers F.C.
Scott Rickards is affiliated to Halesowen Town F.C.
Scott Rickards is affiliated to Brackley Town F.C.
Scott Rickards is affiliated to Redditch United F.C.
Scott Rickards is affiliated to Alfreton Town F.C.
Bryan Marchment was born in Toronto
Bryan Marchment was born in Kingston (Ontario)
Bryan Marchment was born in Hamilton (Ontario)
"Bryan Marchment was born in Scarborough, Ontario"
Bryan Marchment was born in Thunder Bay
Bryan Marchment was born in Montreal
Bryan Marchment was born in Flin Flon
"Bryan Marchment was born in Windsor, Ontario"
Bryan Marchment was born in Cranbrook
Bryan Marchment was born in Sarnia
Shaun McSkimming is affiliated to Peterhead F.C.
Shaun McSkimming is affiliated to Motherwell F.C.
Shaun McSkimming is affiliated to Kilmarnock F.C.
Shaun McSkimming is affiliated to Dundee F.C.
Shaun McSkimming is affiliated to Stranraer F.C.
Shaun McSkimming is affiliated to Atlanta Silverbacks
Shaun McSkimming is affiliated to Scotland national football B team
Shaun McSkimming is affiliated to Ross County F.C.
Shaun McSkimming is affiliated to Clyde F.C.
Shaun McSkimming is affiliated to Scotland national under-21 football team
Georgi Donkov plays for FSV Oggersheim
Georgi Donkov plays for SV Waldhof Mannheim
Georgi Donkov plays for PFC CSKA Sofia
Georgi Donkov plays for PFC Botev Plovdiv
Georgi Donkov plays for Bulgaria national football team
Georgi Donkov plays for PFC Levski Sofia
Georgi Donkov plays for 1. FC Köln
Georgi Donkov plays for SC Paderborn 07
Georgi Donkov plays for VfL Bochum
Georgi Donkov plays for Enosis Neon Paralimni FC
S.C. Corinthians Paulista is located in São Paulo
S.C. Corinthians Paulista is located in São Paulo (state)
S.C. Corinthians Paulista is located in São Caetano do Sul
S.C. Corinthians Paulista is located in Porto Alegre
S.C. Corinthians Paulista is located in São José do Rio Preto
S.C. Corinthians Paulista is located in Rio de Janeiro
S.C. Corinthians Paulista is located in Buenos Aires
S.C. Corinthians Paulista is located in Brazil
S.C. Corinthians Paulista is located in Belém
S.C. Corinthians Paulista is located in Bauru
Ned Zelić is affiliated to Canberra FC
Ned Zelić is affiliated to Australia national under-20 association football team
Ned Zelić is affiliated to Australian Institute of Sport
Ned Zelić is affiliated to Australia national football team
Ned Zelić is affiliated to Sydney United 58 FC
Ned Zelić is affiliated to Australia national under-23 association football team
Ned Zelić is affiliated to Sydney Olympic FC
Ned Zelić is affiliated to Australia national association football team
Ned Zelić is affiliated to FC Wacker Innsbruck
Ned Zelić is affiliated to Newcastle Jets FC
Khaled Korbi is affiliated to fr/Stade tunisien (football)
Khaled Korbi is affiliated to Stade Tunisien
Khaled Korbi is affiliated to Espérance de Tunis
Khaled Korbi is affiliated to Tunisia national football team
Khaled Korbi is affiliated to Al-Sailiya SC
Khaled Korbi is affiliated to Al-Wakrah Sport Club
Khaled Korbi is affiliated to Club Africain
Khaled Korbi is affiliated to Étoile du Sahel
Khaled Korbi is affiliated to CS Sfaxien
Khaled Korbi is affiliated to fr/Équipe de Tunisie olympique de football
Alex Tayo Akande is affiliated to Hong Kong Sapling
Alex Tayo Akande is affiliated to Tai Po FC
Alex Tayo Akande is affiliated to Tai Chung FC
Alex Tayo Akande is affiliated to Kitchee SC
Alex Tayo Akande is affiliated to Hong Kong Rangers FC
Alex Tayo Akande is affiliated to Waltham Forest F.C.
Alex Tayo Akande is affiliated to Eastbourne Borough F.C.
Alex Tayo Akande is affiliated to Eastern AA
Alex Tayo Akande is affiliated to South China AA
Alex Tayo Akande is affiliated to Sun Hei SC
Piet Hein Donner lives in Netherlands
Piet Hein Donner lives in Amsterdam
Piet Hein Donner lives in United States
Piet Hein Donner lives in The Hague
Piet Hein Donner lives in France
Piet Hein Donner lives in Germany
Piet Hein Donner lives in Canada
Piet Hein Donner lives in California
Piet Hein Donner lives in Belgium
Piet Hein Donner lives in United Kingdom
Kastamonu Province is located in Kastamonu
Kastamonu Province is located in Black Sea Turkey
Kastamonu Province is located in Kastamonu Province
Kastamonu Province is located in Black Sea
Kastamonu Province is located in Black Sea Region
Kastamonu Province is located in İnebolu
Kastamonu Province is located in Turkey
Kastamonu Province is located in United States
Kastamonu Province is located in Europe
Kastamonu Province is located in Tokat
Erison da Silva Santos is affiliated to Associação Portuguesa Londrinense
Erison da Silva Santos is affiliated to CS Pandurii Târgu Jiu
Erison da Silva Santos is affiliated to FC Universitatea Cluj
Erison da Silva Santos is affiliated to FC Politehnica Iași
Erison da Silva Santos is affiliated to FC Bihor Oradea
Erison da Silva Santos is affiliated to Terengganu FA
Erison da Silva Santos is affiliated to Esporte Clube São Bento
Erison da Silva Santos is affiliated to FC Ararat Yerevan
Erison da Silva Santos is affiliated to PFC Slavia Sofia
Erison da Silva Santos is affiliated to Cruz Azul
Hans von Plessen has gender male
Hans von Plessen has gender female
Hans von Plessen has gender United Kingdom
Hans von Plessen has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Hans von Plessen has gender Turkey
Hans von Plessen has gender France
Hans von Plessen has gender Azerbaijan
Hans von Plessen has gender Bulgaria
Hans von Plessen has gender Brazil
Hans von Plessen has gender Paris
Port Said is located in Egypt
Port Said is located in Europe
Port Said is located in Germany
Port Said is located in Netherlands
Port Said is located in France
Port Said is located in Africa
Port Said is located in United States
Port Said is located in Port Said
Port Said is located in United Kingdom
Port Said is located in Italy
Matt Hill (footballer) plays for Bristol City F.C.
Matt Hill (footballer) plays for Blackpool F.C.
Matt Hill (footballer) plays for Queens Park Rangers F.C.
Matt Hill (footballer) plays for Preston North End F.C.
Matt Hill (footballer) plays for Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C.
Matt Hill (footballer) plays for Barnsley F.C.
Matt Hill (footballer) plays for Sheffield United F.C.
Matt Hill (footballer) plays for Derby County F.C.
Matt Hill (footballer) plays for Huddersfield Town F.C.
Matt Hill (footballer) plays for Blackburn Rovers F.C.
Thiago Neves is affiliated to Fluminense F.C.
Thiago Neves is affiliated to Fluminense FC
Thiago Neves is affiliated to Clube de Regatas do Flamengo
Thiago Neves is affiliated to Brazil national football team
Thiago Neves is affiliated to C.R. Flamengo
Thiago Neves is affiliated to Brazil national under-23 football team
Thiago Neves is affiliated to Al-Hilal FC
Thiago Neves is affiliated to Vegalta Sendai
Thiago Neves is affiliated to Hamburger SV
Thiago Neves is affiliated to Paraná Clube
Sergei Olshansky plays for FC SKA-Energiya Khabarovsk
Sergei Olshansky plays for FC Nika Moscow
Sergei Olshansky plays for FC FShM Torpedo Moscow
Sergei Olshansky plays for PFC CSKA Moscow
Sergei Olshansky plays for FC Spartak Moscow
Sergei Olshansky plays for Soviet Union national football team
Sergei Olshansky plays for Spartak Moscow
Sergei Olshansky plays for FC Torpedo Moscow
Sergei Olshansky plays for Russia national football team
Sergei Olshansky plays for FC Lokomotiv Moscow
Mauricio Almada plays for Gimnasia y Esgrima de Concepción del Uruguay
Mauricio Almada plays for Club Atlético Sarmiento
Mauricio Almada plays for Arsenal de Sarandí
Mauricio Almada plays for Gimnasia y Esgrima de Jujuy
Mauricio Almada plays for Quilmes Atlético Club
Mauricio Almada plays for Deportivo Merlo
Mauricio Almada plays for Quilmes A.C.
Mauricio Almada plays for Estudiantes de La Plata
Mauricio Almada plays for Argentinos Juniors
Mauricio Almada plays for Defensa y Justicia
G. H. Hardy has won prize De Morgan Medal
G. H. Hardy has won prize Chauvenet Prize
G. H. Hardy has won prize Copley Medal
G. H. Hardy has won prize Royal Medal
G. H. Hardy has won prize Adams Prize
G. H. Hardy has won prize Berwick Prize
G. H. Hardy has won prize Sylvester Medal
G. H. Hardy has won prize Kalinga Prize
G. H. Hardy has won prize Nobel Prize in Physics
G. H. Hardy has won prize Smith's Prize
Tam Siu Wai is affiliated to Hong Kong national football team
Tam Siu Wai is affiliated to Hong Kong Rangers FC
Tam Siu Wai is affiliated to Mutual FC
Tam Siu Wai is affiliated to Yokohama FC Hong Kong
Tam Siu Wai is affiliated to Double Flower FA
Tam Siu Wai is affiliated to Hong Kong national under-23 football team
Tam Siu Wai is affiliated to Eastern AA
Tam Siu Wai is affiliated to Sun Hei SC
Tam Siu Wai is affiliated to Kitchee SC
Tam Siu Wai is affiliated to Lai Sun
Olof Mellberg plays for AIK Fotboll
Olof Mellberg plays for Degerfors IF
Olof Mellberg plays for Sweden national football team
Olof Mellberg plays for AIK Solna
Olof Mellberg plays for Sweden national under-21 football team
Olof Mellberg plays for Racing de Santander
Olof Mellberg plays for F.C. Copenhagen
Olof Mellberg plays for Villarreal CF
Olof Mellberg plays for Olympiacos F.C.
Olof Mellberg plays for Villarreal C.F.
Harry Oscroft is affiliated to Sutton United F.C.
Harry Oscroft is affiliated to Port Vale F.C.
Harry Oscroft is affiliated to Mansfield Town F.C.
Harry Oscroft is affiliated to Stoke City F.C.
Harry Oscroft is affiliated to Sheffield United F.C.
Harry Oscroft is affiliated to Lincoln City F.C.
Harry Oscroft is affiliated to Nottingham Forest F.C.
Harry Oscroft is affiliated to Derby County F.C.
Harry Oscroft is affiliated to England national under-21 football team
Harry Oscroft is affiliated to Macclesfield Town F.C.
Gene Strenicer plays for Rochester Lancers
Gene Strenicer plays for New York Arrows
Gene Strenicer plays for Toronto Blizzard (1971–84)
Gene Strenicer plays for Phoenix Inferno
Gene Strenicer plays for Canada men's national soccer team
Gene Strenicer plays for Chicago Sting
Gene Strenicer plays for Buffalo Stallions
Gene Strenicer plays for San Jose Earthquakes (1974–88)
Gene Strenicer plays for Baltimore Blast (1980–92)
Gene Strenicer plays for Canada men's national under-20 soccer team
Diamond Head (film) is located in United States
Diamond Head (film) is located in United Kingdom
Diamond Head (film) is located in Germany
Diamond Head (film) is located in France
Diamond Head (film) is located in India
Diamond Head (film) is located in Canada
Diamond Head (film) is located in Italy
Diamond Head (film) is located in China
Diamond Head (film) is located in Hong Kong
Diamond Head (film) is located in Japan
Vinnytsia Oblast has capital Vinnytsia
Vinnytsia Oblast has capital Tulchyn
Vinnytsia Oblast has capital Vinnytsia Oblast
Vinnytsia Oblast has capital Dniester
Vinnytsia Oblast has capital Ukraine
Vinnytsia Oblast has capital Khmelnytskyi Oblast
Vinnytsia Oblast has capital Chernivtsi Oblast
Vinnytsia Oblast has capital Ternopil Oblast
Vinnytsia Oblast has capital Ternopil
"Vinnytsia Oblast has capital Kalush, Ukraine"
David Bayliss is affiliated to Barrow A.F.C.
David Bayliss is affiliated to Chester City F.C.
David Bayliss is affiliated to Wrexham F.C.
David Bayliss is affiliated to Luton Town F.C.
David Bayliss is affiliated to Lancaster City F.C.
David Bayliss is affiliated to Rochdale A.F.C.
David Bayliss is affiliated to Southport F.C.
David Bayliss is affiliated to Crewe Alexandra F.C.
David Bayliss is affiliated to Northwich Victoria F.C.
David Bayliss is affiliated to Blackpool F.C.
Ryszard Staniek is affiliated to GKS Jastrzębie
Ryszard Staniek is affiliated to pl/Beskid Skoczów
Ryszard Staniek is affiliated to Piast Gliwice
Ryszard Staniek is affiliated to Odra Wodzisław
Ryszard Staniek is affiliated to Górnik Zabrze
Ryszard Staniek is affiliated to C.A. Osasuna
Ryszard Staniek is affiliated to CA Osasuna
Ryszard Staniek is affiliated to Legia Warsaw
Ryszard Staniek is affiliated to Poland national football team
Ryszard Staniek is affiliated to Odra Opole
Tommy Muirhead is affiliated to Boston Soccer Club
Tommy Muirhead is affiliated to Hibernian F.C.
Tommy Muirhead is affiliated to Rangers F.C.
Tommy Muirhead is affiliated to Scotland national football team
Tommy Muirhead is affiliated to Scottish Football League XI
Tommy Muirhead is affiliated to New Bedford Whalers
Tommy Muirhead is affiliated to Dundee F.C.
Tommy Muirhead is affiliated to Dundee United F.C.
Tommy Muirhead is affiliated to Heart of Midlothian F.C.
Tommy Muirhead is affiliated to Greenock Morton F.C.
Bernardo Leyenda plays for All Boys
Bernardo Leyenda plays for San Martín de Tucumán
Bernardo Leyenda plays for Defensa y Justicia
Bernardo Leyenda plays for Club Atlético Vélez Sarsfield
Bernardo Leyenda plays for Club Atlético Banfield
Bernardo Leyenda plays for Club Atlético Independiente
Bernardo Leyenda plays for CD Leganés
Bernardo Leyenda plays for Racing Club de Avellaneda
Bernardo Leyenda plays for Club Atlético River Plate
Bernardo Leyenda plays for Nacional Potosí
Juan Quiroga (footballer) has gender male
Juan Quiroga (footballer) has gender female
Juan Quiroga (footballer) has gender wordnet chemical 114806838
Juan Quiroga (footballer) has gender wordnet electronics 106099269
Juan Quiroga (footballer) has gender wordnet plastic 114592610
Juan Quiroga (footballer) has gender wordnet machinery 103701640
Juan Quiroga (footballer) has gender wordnet foodstuff 107566340
Juan Quiroga (footballer) has gender Golden Globe Award
Juan Quiroga (footballer) has gender wordnet petroleum 114980579
Juan Quiroga (footballer) has gender United Kingdom
Igor Souza is affiliated to CU Micaelense
Igor Souza is affiliated to FK Mughan
Igor Souza is affiliated to C.D. Feirense
Igor Souza is affiliated to Ravan Baku FK
Igor Souza is affiliated to F.C. Marco
Igor Souza is affiliated to Central Sport Club
Igor Souza is affiliated to C.F. Estrela da Amadora
Igor Souza is affiliated to S.C.U. Torreense
Igor Souza is affiliated to Gil Vicente F.C.
Igor Souza is affiliated to G.D. Estoril Praia
Carlos Trucco plays for Club Destroyers
Carlos Trucco plays for Club Bolívar
Carlos Trucco plays for Estudiantes de Río Cuarto
Carlos Trucco plays for Bolivia national football team
Carlos Trucco plays for Oriente Petrolero
Carlos Trucco plays for Unión de Santa Fe
Carlos Trucco plays for Deportivo Cali
Carlos Trucco plays for Club Atlético Vélez Sarsfield
Carlos Trucco plays for C.F. Pachuca
Carlos Trucco plays for Club Blooming
Gary Coulibaly plays for Corsica national football team
Gary Coulibaly plays for FC Istres
Gary Coulibaly plays for Stade Lavallois
Gary Coulibaly plays for SC Bastia
Gary Coulibaly plays for AS Monaco FC
Gary Coulibaly plays for F.C. Istres Ouest Provence
Gary Coulibaly plays for A.S. Monaco F.C.
Gary Coulibaly plays for S.C. Bastia
Gary Coulibaly plays for France national under-20 football team
Gary Coulibaly plays for France national under-21 football team
Julie Augustyniak plays for F.C. Indiana
Julie Augustyniak plays for 1. FFC Turbine Potsdam
Julie Augustyniak plays for Atlanta Beat (WUSA)
Julie Augustyniak plays for Atlanta Silverbacks
Julie Augustyniak plays for Chicago Red Stars
Julie Augustyniak plays for Atlanta Beat (WPS)
Julie Augustyniak plays for Chicago Cobras
Julie Augustyniak plays for Ottawa Fury Women
Julie Augustyniak plays for Western New York Flash
Julie Augustyniak plays for Boston Breakers
Leandro Guaita is affiliated to U.S. Poggibonsi
Leandro Guaita is affiliated to San Marino Calcio
Leandro Guaita is affiliated to Pol. Alghero
Leandro Guaita is affiliated to A.S.D. Virtus Casarano
Leandro Guaita is affiliated to SV Wehen Wiesbaden
Leandro Guaita is affiliated to FC Basel
Leandro Guaita is affiliated to U.S.D. Nuorese Calcio
Leandro Guaita is affiliated to Independiente del Valle
Leandro Guaita is affiliated to Estudiantes de La Plata
Leandro Guaita is affiliated to Vicenza Calcio
Gary Barlow has musical role wordnet keyboard 103614007
Gary Barlow has musical role wordnet vocal music 107282006
Gary Barlow has musical role wordnet guitar 103467517
Gary Barlow has musical role wordnet piano 103928116
Gary Barlow has musical role wordnet drum 103249569
Gary Barlow has musical role wordnet bass guitar 102804123
Gary Barlow has musical role wordnet synthesist 110687231
Gary Barlow has musical role wordnet percussion 100545059
Gary Barlow has musical role wordnet harmonica 103494278
Gary Barlow has musical role wordnet bass 104986796
Christopher Sullivan (soccer) is affiliated to University of Tampa
Christopher Sullivan (soccer) is affiliated to Orlando Lions
Christopher Sullivan (soccer) is affiliated to Landskrona BoIS
Christopher Sullivan (soccer) is affiliated to San Jose Earthquakes
Christopher Sullivan (soccer) is affiliated to United States men's national soccer team
Christopher Sullivan (soccer) is affiliated to Brøndby IF
Christopher Sullivan (soccer) is affiliated to US Joué-lès-Tours
Christopher Sullivan (soccer) is affiliated to Győri ETO FC
Christopher Sullivan (soccer) is affiliated to Hertha BSC
Christopher Sullivan (soccer) is affiliated to United States national soccer team
Dean Evans plays for Sham Shui Po SA
Dean Evans plays for Stirling Lions SC
Dean Evans plays for Football West National Training Centre
Dean Evans plays for Perth Glory FC
Dean Evans plays for Kitchee SC
Dean Evans plays for Perth SC
Dean Evans plays for Cockburn City SC
Dean Evans plays for Western Knights SC
Dean Evans plays for South China AA
Dean Evans plays for Hong Kong Rangers FC
Can Arat plays for İstanbul Başakşehir F.K.
Can Arat plays for Fenerbahçe S.K.
Can Arat plays for Karşıyaka S.K.
Can Arat plays for Turkey national under-17 football team
Can Arat plays for Fenerbahçe S.K. (football)
Can Arat plays for Turkey national under-19 football team
Can Arat plays for İstanbul Büyükşehir Belediyespor (football)
Can Arat plays for Turkey national football B team
Can Arat plays for Sivasspor
Can Arat plays for Turkey national under-21 football team
"University of Alaska System is located in Juneau, Alaska"
"University of Alaska System is located in Fairbanks, Alaska"
"University of Alaska System is located in Anchorage, Alaska"
University of Alaska System is located in United States
University of Alaska System is located in Alaska
University of Alaska System is located in University of Alaska System
University of Alaska System is located in California
University of Alaska System is located in India
University of Alaska System is located in Canada
University of Alaska System is located in Texas
"Martin Clark (footballer, born 1968) plays for Armadale Thistle F.C."
"Martin Clark (footballer, born 1968) plays for Hamilton Academical F.C."
"Martin Clark (footballer, born 1968) plays for Albion Rovers F.C."
"Martin Clark (footballer, born 1968) plays for Partick Thistle F.C."
"Martin Clark (footballer, born 1968) plays for Mansfield Town F.C."
"Martin Clark (footballer, born 1968) plays for Falkirk F.C."
"Martin Clark (footballer, born 1968) plays for Macclesfield Town F.C."
"Martin Clark (footballer, born 1968) plays for Nottingham Forest F.C."
"Martin Clark (footballer, born 1968) plays for Clyde F.C."
"Martin Clark (footballer, born 1968) plays for Ayr United F.C."
"Adelaide of Susa is married to Otto I, Count of Savoy"
Adelaide of Susa is married to Adelaide of Susa
"Adelaide of Susa is married to Peter I, Count of Savoy"
Adelaide of Susa is married to Agnes of Poitou
Adelaide of Susa is married to Marie Jeanne Baptiste of Savoy-Nemours
Adelaide of Susa is married to Bertha of Savoy
Adelaide of Susa is married to Adelaide of Austria
Adelaide of Susa is married to Christine Marie of France
"Adelaide of Susa is married to Victor Amadeus I, Duke of Savoy"
Adelaide of Susa is married to Maria Pia of Savoy
Peter Cormack plays for Scotland national football team
Peter Cormack plays for Hibernian F.C.
Peter Cormack plays for Scottish Football League XI
Peter Cormack plays for Toronto City
Peter Cormack plays for Scotland national under-21 football team
Peter Cormack plays for Partick Thistle F.C.
Peter Cormack plays for Heart of Midlothian F.C.
Peter Cormack plays for Bristol City F.C.
Peter Cormack plays for Liverpool F.C.
Peter Cormack plays for Nottingham Forest F.C.
Srdjan Luchin plays for FC Politehnica II Timișoara
Srdjan Luchin plays for FC Politehnica Timișoara
Srdjan Luchin plays for Romania national under-21 football team
Srdjan Luchin plays for PFC Botev Plovdiv
Srdjan Luchin plays for FC Dinamo București
Srdjan Luchin plays for Romania national football team
Srdjan Luchin plays for Romania national under-19 football team
Srdjan Luchin plays for FC CFR Timișoara
Srdjan Luchin plays for FC Steaua București
Srdjan Luchin plays for Romania national under-17 football team
André Martins is affiliated to Real Sport Clube
André Martins is affiliated to C.D. Pinhalnovense
André Martins is affiliated to Portugal national under-21 football team
André Martins is affiliated to C.D. Feirense
André Martins is affiliated to C.F. Os Belenenses
André Martins is affiliated to Sporting Clube de Portugal
André Martins is affiliated to Portugal national football team
André Martins is affiliated to Sporting Clube de Portugal B
André Martins is affiliated to Portugal national under-20 football team
André Martins is affiliated to C.F. Estrela da Amadora
Alo Bärengrub is affiliated to FC Warrior Valga
Alo Bärengrub is affiliated to Nõmme Kalju FC
Alo Bärengrub is affiliated to JK Nõmme Kalju
Alo Bärengrub is affiliated to FC Flora Tallinn
Alo Bärengrub is affiliated to Estonia national football team
Alo Bärengrub is affiliated to fr/Lelle SK
Alo Bärengrub is affiliated to FC Lelle
Alo Bärengrub is affiliated to FK Bodø/Glimt
Alo Bärengrub is affiliated to Estonia national under-21 football team
Alo Bärengrub is affiliated to JK Tervis Pärnu
Henry Fonda has won prize Golden Globe Award
Henry Fonda has won prize Tony Award
Henry Fonda has won prize Bronze Star Medal
Henry Fonda has won prize Academy Award for Best Actor
Henry Fonda has won prize Grammy Award
Henry Fonda has won prize Donaldson Awards
Henry Fonda has won prize Emmy Award
Henry Fonda has won prize Primetime Emmy Award
Henry Fonda has won prize David di Donatello
Henry Fonda has won prize Volpi Cup
Antony Hewish has gender male
Antony Hewish has gender female
Antony Hewish has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Antony Hewish has gender France
Antony Hewish has gender Democratic Party (United States)
Antony Hewish has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Antony Hewish has gender Turkey
Antony Hewish has gender United States
Antony Hewish has gender Tomsk
Antony Hewish has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Vilard Normcharoen plays for Thailand national futsal team
Vilard Normcharoen plays for Air Force Central F.C.
Vilard Normcharoen plays for Thailand national football team
Vilard Normcharoen plays for Singhtarua F.C.
Vilard Normcharoen plays for Krung Thai Bank F.C.
Vilard Normcharoen plays for BEC Tero Sasana F.C.
Vilard Normcharoen plays for Buriram United F.C.
Vilard Normcharoen plays for Bangkok Glass F.C.
Vilard Normcharoen plays for TTM Customs F.C.
Vilard Normcharoen plays for BBCU F.C.
Christoph Dabrowski plays for VfL Bochum II
Christoph Dabrowski plays for VfL Bochum
Christoph Dabrowski plays for SV Werder Bremen II
Christoph Dabrowski plays for SV Werder Bremen
Christoph Dabrowski plays for Hannover 96
Christoph Dabrowski plays for Arminia Bielefeld
Christoph Dabrowski plays for Germany national football B team
Christoph Dabrowski plays for Werder Bremen
Christoph Dabrowski plays for Germany national under-21 football team
Christoph Dabrowski plays for BFC Preussen
Michael Preetz plays for 1. FC Saarbrücken
Michael Preetz plays for SG Wattenscheid 09
Michael Preetz plays for Fortuna Düsseldorf
Michael Preetz plays for Germany national under-21 football team
Michael Preetz plays for MSV Duisburg
Michael Preetz plays for Germany national football team
Michael Preetz plays for 1.F.C. Saarbrücken
Michael Preetz plays for Hertha BSC
Michael Preetz plays for FC Schalke 04
Michael Preetz plays for Bayer 04 Leverkusen
"Sergey Grishin (footballer, born 1973) is affiliated to FC Terek Grozny"
"Sergey Grishin (footballer, born 1973) is affiliated to Russia national football team"
"Sergey Grishin (footballer, born 1973) is affiliated to FC Astana"
"Sergey Grishin (footballer, born 1973) is affiliated to FC Shinnik Yaroslavl"
"Sergey Grishin (footballer, born 1973) is affiliated to FC Torpedo Moscow"
"Sergey Grishin (footballer, born 1973) is affiliated to FC Dynamo Moscow"
"Sergey Grishin (footballer, born 1973) is affiliated to FC Anzhi Makhachkala"
"Sergey Grishin (footballer, born 1973) is affiliated to STsOP Kislovodsk"
"Sergey Grishin (footballer, born 1973) is affiliated to F.C. Dynamo Moscow"
"Sergey Grishin (footballer, born 1973) is affiliated to PFC CSKA Moscow"
Admir Bilibani is affiliated to FC Stade Nyonnais
Admir Bilibani is affiliated to FC Le Mont
Admir Bilibani is affiliated to FC Baulmes
Admir Bilibani is affiliated to FC Vevey-Sports 05
Admir Bilibani is affiliated to Yverdon-Sport FC
Admir Bilibani is affiliated to Étoile Carouge FC
Admir Bilibani is affiliated to Neuchâtel Xamax
Admir Bilibani is affiliated to FC Lausanne-Sport
Admir Bilibani is affiliated to FC Aarau
Admir Bilibani is affiliated to Nea Salamis Famagusta FC
Hugo Miranda (footballer) is affiliated to Club Sport Colombia
Hugo Miranda (footballer) is affiliated to FC Lahti
Hugo Miranda (footballer) is affiliated to MYPA
Hugo Miranda (footballer) is affiliated to FF Jaro
Hugo Miranda (footballer) is affiliated to Cerro Porteño
Hugo Miranda (footballer) is affiliated to Club Olimpia
Hugo Miranda (footballer) is affiliated to Total Chalaco
Hugo Miranda (footballer) is affiliated to Paraguay national football team
Hugo Miranda (footballer) is affiliated to FC Haka
Hugo Miranda (footballer) is affiliated to Finland national football team
Anatoli Bashashkin plays for Soviet Union national football team
Anatoli Bashashkin plays for FC Spartak Moscow
Anatoli Bashashkin plays for FC MVO Moscow
Anatoli Bashashkin plays for PFC CSKA Moscow
Anatoli Bashashkin plays for Spartak Moscow
Anatoli Bashashkin plays for CSKA Moscow
Anatoli Bashashkin plays for FC Torpedo Moscow
Anatoli Bashashkin plays for Russia national football team
Anatoli Bashashkin plays for FC Lokomotiv Moscow
Anatoli Bashashkin plays for FC Dynamo Moscow
Frank van Hattum is affiliated to Manurewa AFC
Frank van Hattum is affiliated to Christchurch United
Frank van Hattum is affiliated to Papatoetoe AFC
Frank van Hattum is affiliated to New Zealand national football team
Frank van Hattum is affiliated to University of Auckland
Frank van Hattum is affiliated to University-Mount Wellington
Frank van Hattum is affiliated to Three Kings United
Frank van Hattum is affiliated to North Shore United
Frank van Hattum is affiliated to Gisborne City AFC
Frank van Hattum is affiliated to Nelson United
Claudio Ramiadamanana was born in Paris
Claudio Ramiadamanana was born in Antananarivo
Claudio Ramiadamanana was born in Abidjan
Claudio Ramiadamanana was born in Marseille
Claudio Ramiadamanana was born in Dakar
Claudio Ramiadamanana was born in London
Claudio Ramiadamanana was born in Tours
Claudio Ramiadamanana was born in São Paulo
Claudio Ramiadamanana was born in Yaoundé
Claudio Ramiadamanana was born in Orléans
Mohammad Mayeli Kohan plays for Malavan F.C.
Mohammad Mayeli Kohan plays for Naft Tehran F.C.
Mohammad Mayeli Kohan plays for Persepolis F.C.
Mohammad Mayeli Kohan plays for Iran national football team
Mohammad Mayeli Kohan plays for Esteghlal F.C.
Mohammad Mayeli Kohan plays for Iran national under-23 football team
Mohammad Mayeli Kohan plays for Steel Azin F.C.
Mohammad Mayeli Kohan plays for Paykan F.C.
Mohammad Mayeli Kohan plays for PAS Tehran F.C.
Mohammad Mayeli Kohan plays for Keshavarz F.C.
Tengku Mohd Adam Tengku Mohd Rosly is affiliated to Shahzan Muda F.C.
Tengku Mohd Adam Tengku Mohd Rosly is affiliated to Terengganu FA
Tengku Mohd Adam Tengku Mohd Rosly is affiliated to PKNS F.C.
Tengku Mohd Adam Tengku Mohd Rosly is affiliated to Pahang FA
Tengku Mohd Adam Tengku Mohd Rosly is affiliated to Perlis FA
Tengku Mohd Adam Tengku Mohd Rosly is affiliated to Negeri Sembilan FA
Tengku Mohd Adam Tengku Mohd Rosly is affiliated to Malaysia national football team
Tengku Mohd Adam Tengku Mohd Rosly is affiliated to Sabah FA
Tengku Mohd Adam Tengku Mohd Rosly is affiliated to Selangor FA
Tengku Mohd Adam Tengku Mohd Rosly is affiliated to T–Team F.C.
Shane Webb was born in Sydney
Shane Webb was born in London
"Shane Webb was born in Newcastle, New South Wales"
Shane Webb was born in Melbourne
Shane Webb was born in Los Angeles
Shane Webb was born in New York City
Shane Webb was born in Paris
Shane Webb was born in Buenos Aires
Shane Webb was born in Belgrade
Shane Webb was born in Wollongong
Francesco Scardina plays for Vicenza Calcio
Francesco Scardina plays for L'Aquila Calcio 1927
Francesco Scardina plays for A.S. Cittadella
Francesco Scardina plays for A.S.G. Nocerina
Francesco Scardina plays for F.C. Crotone
Francesco Scardina plays for A.C. Cesena
Francesco Scardina plays for A.C. Chievo Verona
Francesco Scardina plays for Juventus F.C.
Francesco Scardina plays for PAOK FC
Francesco Scardina plays for P.A.O.K. Thessaloniki F.C.
Brayan Angulo plays for Deportivo de La Coruña
Brayan Angulo plays for CD Atlético Baleares
Brayan Angulo plays for Rayo Vallecano
Brayan Angulo plays for Granada CF
Brayan Angulo plays for América de Cali
Brayan Angulo plays for Boavista F.C.
Brayan Angulo plays for R.C. Deportivo de La Coruña
Brayan Angulo plays for Leixões S.C.
Brayan Angulo plays for Granada C.F.
Brayan Angulo plays for UD Salamanca
Dario Damjanović plays for FK Modriča
Dario Damjanović plays for NK Čelik Zenica
Dario Damjanović plays for FK Novi Pazar
Dario Damjanović plays for FK Jagodina
Dario Damjanović plays for HNK Hajduk Split
Dario Damjanović plays for FC Luch-Energiya Vladivostok
Dario Damjanović plays for 1. FC Kaiserslautern
Dario Damjanović plays for H.N.K. Hajduk Split
Dario Damjanović plays for FK Radnički Obrenovac
Dario Damjanović plays for Red Star Belgrade
Dmytro Yesin plays for FC Shakhtar-2 Donetsk
Dmytro Yesin plays for FC Illichivets Mariupol
Dmytro Yesin plays for FC Shakhtar Donetsk
Dmytro Yesin plays for FC Vorskla Poltava
Dmytro Yesin plays for FC Shakhtar-3 Donetsk
Dmytro Yesin plays for F.C. Shakhtar Donetsk
Dmytro Yesin plays for FC Metalurh-2 Donetsk
Dmytro Yesin plays for FC Metalurh Donetsk
Dmytro Yesin plays for FC Kryvbas Kryvyi Rih
Dmytro Yesin plays for FC Zorya Luhansk
Cristian Díaz was born in Buenos Aires
Cristian Díaz was born in Madrid
"Cristian Díaz was born in Rosario, Santa Fe"
Cristian Díaz was born in Málaga
Cristian Díaz was born in Avellaneda
Cristian Díaz was born in Mar del Plata
Cristian Díaz was born in Barcelona
"Cristian Díaz was born in Córdoba, Argentina"
Cristian Díaz was born in Lanús
"Cristian Díaz was born in Santander, Spain"
"Tommy Wright (footballer, born 1963) was born in Belfast"
"Tommy Wright (footballer, born 1963) was born in Liverpool"
"Tommy Wright (footballer, born 1963) was born in Manchester"
"Tommy Wright (footballer, born 1963) was born in Newcastle upon Tyne"
"Tommy Wright (footballer, born 1963) was born in Glasgow"
"Tommy Wright (footballer, born 1963) was born in Derry"
"Tommy Wright (footballer, born 1963) was born in Nottingham"
"Tommy Wright (footballer, born 1963) was born in London"
"Tommy Wright (footballer, born 1963) was born in Edinburgh"
"Tommy Wright (footballer, born 1963) was born in Kingston upon Hull"
Jeff Kenna is affiliated to Republic of Ireland national football team
Jeff Kenna is affiliated to Republic of Ireland national football B team
Jeff Kenna is affiliated to Birmingham City F.C.
Jeff Kenna is affiliated to Blackburn Rovers F.C.
Jeff Kenna is affiliated to Galway United F.C.
Jeff Kenna is affiliated to Republic of Ireland national under-21 football team
Jeff Kenna is affiliated to Wigan Athletic F.C.
Jeff Kenna is affiliated to Derby County F.C.
Jeff Kenna is affiliated to St Patrick's Athletic F.C.
Jeff Kenna is affiliated to Tranmere Rovers F.C.
Noel Cantwell has gender male
Noel Cantwell has gender female
Noel Cantwell has gender United Kingdom
Noel Cantwell has gender France
Noel Cantwell has gender Paris
Noel Cantwell has gender Germany
Noel Cantwell has gender Azerbaijan
Noel Cantwell has gender United States
Noel Cantwell has gender New York City
Noel Cantwell has gender Tomsk
Sam Adkins (footballer) plays for Leamington F.C.
Sam Adkins (footballer) plays for Redditch United F.C.
Sam Adkins (footballer) plays for Solihull Moors F.C.
Sam Adkins (footballer) plays for Stratford Town F.C.
Sam Adkins (footballer) plays for Hednesford Town F.C.
Sam Adkins (footballer) plays for Evesham United F.C.
Sam Adkins (footballer) plays for Walsall F.C.
Sam Adkins (footballer) plays for Halesowen Town F.C.
Sam Adkins (footballer) plays for Worcester City F.C.
Sam Adkins (footballer) plays for Moor Green F.C.
Arash Borhani is affiliated to PAS Tehran F.C.
Arash Borhani is affiliated to Al-Nasr SC (Dubai)
Arash Borhani is affiliated to Esteghlal F.C.
Arash Borhani is affiliated to Iran national under-23 football team
Arash Borhani is affiliated to Al Nasr SC
Arash Borhani is affiliated to Iran national football team
Arash Borhani is affiliated to Sanat Mes Kerman F.C.
Arash Borhani is affiliated to Iran national under-20 football team
Arash Borhani is affiliated to Persepolis F.C.
Arash Borhani is affiliated to Tractor Sazi F.C.
Christer Warren is affiliated to Winchester City F.C.
Christer Warren is affiliated to Wimborne Town F.C.
Christer Warren is affiliated to Eastleigh F.C.
Christer Warren is affiliated to Southampton F.C.
Christer Warren is affiliated to A.F.C. Bournemouth
Christer Warren is affiliated to New Milton Town F.C.
Christer Warren is affiliated to Bristol Rovers F.C.
Christer Warren is affiliated to Cheltenham Town F.C.
Christer Warren is affiliated to Queens Park Rangers F.C.
Christer Warren is affiliated to Brighton & Hove Albion F.C.
Giuseppe Mascara plays for A.S.D. Battipagliese
Giuseppe Mascara plays for A.S.D. Ragusa Calcio
Giuseppe Mascara plays for Calcio Catania
Giuseppe Mascara plays for S.S.C. Napoli
Giuseppe Mascara plays for U.S. Città di Palermo
Giuseppe Mascara plays for A.S. Avellino 1912
Giuseppe Mascara plays for Novara Calcio
Giuseppe Mascara plays for Genoa C.F.C.
Giuseppe Mascara plays for Delfino Pescara 1936
Giuseppe Mascara plays for A.C. Perugia Calcio
Dick Krzywicki is affiliated to Scunthorpe United F.C.
Dick Krzywicki is affiliated to Huddersfield Town F.C.
Dick Krzywicki is affiliated to Wales national football team
Dick Krzywicki is affiliated to Lincoln City F.C.
Dick Krzywicki is affiliated to Northampton Town F.C.
Dick Krzywicki is affiliated to West Bromwich Albion F.C.
Dick Krzywicki is affiliated to Cardiff City F.C.
Dick Krzywicki is affiliated to Grimsby Town F.C.
Dick Krzywicki is affiliated to Birmingham City F.C.
Dick Krzywicki is affiliated to Nottingham Forest F.C.
Vladimirs Koļesņičenko plays for FK Venta
Vladimirs Koļesņičenko plays for Skonto FC
Vladimirs Koļesņičenko plays for FK Ventspils
Vladimirs Koļesņičenko plays for Latvia national football team
Vladimirs Koļesņičenko plays for Inter Baku PIK
Vladimirs Koļesņičenko plays for FC Moscow
Vladimirs Koļesņičenko plays for FC Chornomorets Odesa
Vladimirs Koļesņičenko plays for FK Daugava (2003)
Vladimirs Koļesņičenko plays for Latvia national under-21 football team
Vladimirs Koļesņičenko plays for FK Rīgas Futbola skola
Trøndelag is located in Nord-Trøndelag
Trøndelag is located in Trondheim
Trøndelag is located in Norway
Trøndelag is located in Middle Norway
Trøndelag is located in Sør-Trøndelag
Trøndelag is located in United States
Trøndelag is located in Oslo
Trøndelag is located in Røros
Trøndelag is located in Stjørdal
Trøndelag is located in East Norway
Samuel Wilson (footballer) is affiliated to Nicaragua national football team
Samuel Wilson (footballer) is affiliated to Deportivo Walter Ferretti
Samuel Wilson (footballer) is affiliated to Real Estelí F.C.
Samuel Wilson (footballer) is affiliated to Atlético Olanchano
Samuel Wilson (footballer) is affiliated to C.D.S. Vida
Samuel Wilson (footballer) is affiliated to Honduras national football team
Samuel Wilson (footballer) is affiliated to C.D. Motagua
Samuel Wilson (footballer) is affiliated to C.D. Marathón
Samuel Wilson (footballer) is affiliated to Deportes Savio
Samuel Wilson (footballer) is affiliated to Real C.D. España
Jörg Heinrich plays for Frankfurter FC Viktoria
Jörg Heinrich plays for 1. FC Union Berlin
Jörg Heinrich plays for Ludwigsfelder FC
Jörg Heinrich plays for 1. FC Köln
Jörg Heinrich plays for Borussia Dortmund
Jörg Heinrich plays for ACF Fiorentina
Jörg Heinrich plays for SC Freiburg
Jörg Heinrich plays for Kickers Emden
Jörg Heinrich plays for Germany national football team
Jörg Heinrich plays for 1. FC Cologne
"Zanjan, Iran is located in Zanjan County"
"Zanjan, Iran is located in Iran"
"Zanjan, Iran is located in Zanjan Province"
"Zanjan, Iran is located in Zanjan, Iran"
"Zanjan, Iran is located in United States"
"Zanjan, Iran is located in Tehran Province"
"Zanjan, Iran is located in Poland"
"Zanjan, Iran is located in Isfahan Province"
"Zanjan, Iran is located in Tehran County"
"Zanjan, Iran is located in Brazil"
Jukka Koskinen (footballer) is affiliated to Reipas Lahti
Jukka Koskinen (footballer) is affiliated to FC Lahti
Jukka Koskinen (footballer) is affiliated to FC Haka
Jukka Koskinen (footballer) is affiliated to Finland national football team
Jukka Koskinen (footballer) is affiliated to MYPA
Jukka Koskinen (footballer) is affiliated to Willem II (football club)
Jukka Koskinen (footballer) is affiliated to FC Seoul
Jukka Koskinen (footballer) is affiliated to Finland national under-21 football team
Jukka Koskinen (footballer) is affiliated to Helsingin Jalkapalloklubi
Jukka Koskinen (footballer) is affiliated to JJK Jyväskylä
Enrique Mateos plays for Real Madrid C.F.
Enrique Mateos plays for Spain national football team
Enrique Mateos plays for Real Betis
Enrique Mateos plays for Gimnástica de Torrelavega
Enrique Mateos plays for Recreativo de Huelva
Enrique Mateos plays for Real Madrid Castilla
Enrique Mateos plays for Sevilla FC
Enrique Mateos plays for Cleveland Stokers
Enrique Mateos plays for Sevilla F.C.
Enrique Mateos plays for Cádiz C.F.
Francisco Copado is affiliated to Hamburger SV
Francisco Copado is affiliated to TSG 1899 Hoffenheim
Francisco Copado is affiliated to SpVgg Unterhaching
Francisco Copado is affiliated to Tennis Borussia Berlin
Francisco Copado is affiliated to Eintracht Frankfurt
Francisco Copado is affiliated to R.C.D. Mallorca
Francisco Copado is affiliated to Holstein Kiel
Francisco Copado is affiliated to RCD Mallorca
Francisco Copado is affiliated to TSV 1860 München
Francisco Copado is affiliated to VfB Stuttgart
Michal Daněk is affiliated to Czech Republic national under-17 football team
Michal Daněk is affiliated to Czech Republic national under-21 football team
Michal Daněk is affiliated to FC Hlučín
Michal Daněk is affiliated to FC Viktoria Plzeň
Michal Daněk is affiliated to Czech Republic national under-19 football team
Michal Daněk is affiliated to FK Chmel Blšany
Michal Daněk is affiliated to Czech Republic national under-18 football team
Michal Daněk is affiliated to SK Kladno
Michal Daněk is affiliated to SK Dynamo České Budějovice
Michal Daněk is affiliated to FC Baník Ostrava
Simen Brenne plays for Moss FK
Simen Brenne plays for Fredrikstad FK
Simen Brenne plays for Norway national football team
Simen Brenne plays for Strømsgodset IF
Simen Brenne plays for Odds BK
Simen Brenne plays for Norway national under-21 football team
Simen Brenne plays for Lillestrøm SK
Simen Brenne plays for Vålerenga Fotball
Simen Brenne plays for SK Brann
Simen Brenne plays for Rosenborg BK
Lau Nim Yat is affiliated to Workable FC
Lau Nim Yat is affiliated to Hong Kong 08
Lau Nim Yat is affiliated to Hong Kong national football team
Lau Nim Yat is affiliated to Hong Kong national under-23 football team
Lau Nim Yat is affiliated to Hong Kong C Team
Lau Nim Yat is affiliated to Hong Kong Rangers FC
Lau Nim Yat is affiliated to Eastern AA
Lau Nim Yat is affiliated to South China AA
Lau Nim Yat is affiliated to Sun Pegasus FC
Lau Nim Yat is affiliated to South China Athletic Association
Franck Passi has gender male
Franck Passi has gender female
Franck Passi has gender Tomsk
Franck Passi has gender Azerbaijan
Franck Passi has gender Turkey
Franck Passi has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Franck Passi has gender All-India Muslim League
Franck Passi has gender London Heathrow Terminal 3
Franck Passi has gender Republican Party (United States)
Franck Passi has gender London Heathrow Terminal 1
Samar Mubarakmand graduated from University of Oxford
"Samar Mubarakmand graduated from University of the Punjab, Lahore"
"Samar Mubarakmand graduated from Government College University, Lahore"
Samar Mubarakmand graduated from University of Cambridge
Samar Mubarakmand graduated from University of Karachi
Samar Mubarakmand graduated from Pakistan Atomic Energy Commission
Samar Mubarakmand graduated from Aligarh Muslim University
Samar Mubarakmand graduated from Forman Christian College
Samar Mubarakmand graduated from Princeton University
Samar Mubarakmand graduated from Harvard University
Volodymyr Kilikevych is affiliated to FC Illichivets-2 Mariupol
Volodymyr Kilikevych is affiliated to FK Dinamo Samarqand
Volodymyr Kilikevych is affiliated to FC Desna Chernihiv
Volodymyr Kilikevych is affiliated to PFC Oleksandriya
Volodymyr Kilikevych is affiliated to FC OPA
Volodymyr Kilikevych is affiliated to FC Iskra-Stal
Volodymyr Kilikevych is affiliated to Buxoro FK
Volodymyr Kilikevych is affiliated to TP-47
Volodymyr Kilikevych is affiliated to FC Tiraspol
Volodymyr Kilikevych is affiliated to FC Illichivets Mariupol
Esteban Cambiasso plays for Argentina national under-20 football team
Esteban Cambiasso plays for Argentina national under-17 football team
Esteban Cambiasso plays for Argentinos Juniors
Esteban Cambiasso plays for Club Atlético River Plate
Esteban Cambiasso plays for Argentina national football team
Esteban Cambiasso plays for Real Madrid C.F.
Esteban Cambiasso plays for Real Madrid Castilla
Esteban Cambiasso plays for Inter Milan
Esteban Cambiasso plays for Club Atlético Independiente
Esteban Cambiasso plays for C.A. River Plate
"Risaralda Department is located in Andean Natural Region, Colombia"
Risaralda Department is located in United States
Risaralda Department is located in India
Risaralda Department is located in United Kingdom
Risaralda Department is located in Japan
Risaralda Department is located in China
Risaralda Department is located in Poland
Risaralda Department is located in Iran
Risaralda Department is located in Colombia
Risaralda Department is located in Slovenia
Edmur Ribeiro plays for Vitória S.C.
Edmur Ribeiro plays for Associação Portuguesa de Desportos
Edmur Ribeiro plays for Clube Náutico Capibaribe
Edmur Ribeiro plays for Celta de Vigo
Edmur Ribeiro plays for Leixões S.C.
Edmur Ribeiro plays for CR Vasco da Gama
Edmur Ribeiro plays for Clube de Regatas do Flamengo
Edmur Ribeiro plays for Deportivo Petare
Edmur Ribeiro plays for R.C. Celta de Vigo
Edmur Ribeiro plays for Brazil national football team
Giovanni Degni plays for S.S. Alba-Audace Roma
Giovanni Degni plays for Calcio Catania
Giovanni Degni plays for U.S. Lecce
Giovanni Degni plays for A.S. Roma
Giovanni Degni plays for Genoa C.F.C.
Giovanni Degni plays for S.S. Lazio
Giovanni Degni plays for Bologna F.C. 1909
Giovanni Degni plays for ACF Fiorentina
Giovanni Degni plays for U.C. Sampdoria
Giovanni Degni plays for Vicenza Calcio
Gregorio Torres plays for Santos Laguna
Gregorio Torres plays for C.F. Pachuca
Gregorio Torres plays for Club Atlas
Gregorio Torres plays for Club León
Gregorio Torres plays for Cruz Azul
Gregorio Torres plays for Club Santos Laguna
Gregorio Torres plays for Daejeon Citizen FC
Gregorio Torres plays for Mexico national football team
Gregorio Torres plays for Monarcas Morelia
Gregorio Torres plays for Puebla F.C.
Slavko Matić plays for Pegah F.C.
Slavko Matić plays for FK Čukarički
Slavko Matić plays for FK Partizan
Slavko Matić plays for OFK Beograd
Slavko Matić plays for PFC Slavia Sofia
Slavko Matić plays for PFC CSKA Sofia
Slavko Matić plays for FC Spartak Moscow
Slavko Matić plays for FK BASK
Slavko Matić plays for Serbia national under-21 football team
Slavko Matić plays for Al Ahli SC (Doha)
Lau Chi Keung is affiliated to Hong Kong national under-23 football team
Lau Chi Keung is affiliated to Yuen Long District SA
Lau Chi Keung is affiliated to Hong Kong national football team
Lau Chi Keung is affiliated to Sun Hei SC
Lau Chi Keung is affiliated to Double Flower FA
Lau Chi Keung is affiliated to Kitchee SC
Lau Chi Keung is affiliated to Hong Kong Rangers FC
Lau Chi Keung is affiliated to South China AA
Lau Chi Keung is affiliated to Eastern AA
Lau Chi Keung is affiliated to Happy Valley AA
Nebojša Šćepanović plays for Kozani F.C.
Nebojša Šćepanović plays for FK Sutjeska Nikšić
Nebojša Šćepanović plays for FK Budućnost Podgorica
Nebojša Šćepanović plays for FC Prishtina
Nebojša Šćepanović plays for FK Vojvodina
Nebojša Šćepanović plays for Real Oviedo
Nebojša Šćepanović plays for Villarreal CF
Nebojša Šćepanović plays for Paniliakos F.C.
Nebojša Šćepanović plays for FK Partizan
Nebojša Šćepanović plays for Red Star Belgrade
Nikola Mikelini has gender male
Nikola Mikelini has gender female
Nikola Mikelini has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Nikola Mikelini has gender United Kingdom
Nikola Mikelini has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Nikola Mikelini has gender wordnet electronics 106099269
Nikola Mikelini has gender Tomsk
Nikola Mikelini has gender France
Nikola Mikelini has gender London Heathrow Terminal 3
Nikola Mikelini has gender Labour Party (UK)
Mick Cooke (football manager) is affiliated to Bluebell United F.C.
Mick Cooke (football manager) is affiliated to Galway United F.C.
Mick Cooke (football manager) is affiliated to St Patrick's Athletic F.C.
Mick Cooke (football manager) is affiliated to Drogheda United F.C.
Mick Cooke (football manager) is affiliated to Athlone Town A.F.C.
Mick Cooke (football manager) is affiliated to Shamrock Rovers F.C.
Mick Cooke (football manager) is affiliated to Republic of Ireland national under-19 football team
Mick Cooke (football manager) is affiliated to Republic of Ireland national under-21 football team
Mick Cooke (football manager) is affiliated to Shelbourne F.C.
Mick Cooke (football manager) is affiliated to Bohemian F.C.
Gaston Mobati is affiliated to FC Montceau Bourgogne
Gaston Mobati is affiliated to Ethnikos Piraeus F.C.
Gaston Mobati is affiliated to En Avant de Guingamp
Gaston Mobati is affiliated to Lille OSC
Gaston Mobati is affiliated to AS Beauvais Oise
Gaston Mobati is affiliated to DR Congo national football team
Gaston Mobati is affiliated to Lille O.S.C.
Gaston Mobati is affiliated to Congo DR national football team
Gaston Mobati is affiliated to Stade Rennais F.C.
Gaston Mobati is affiliated to Stade Malherbe Caen
Attila Polonkai is affiliated to Rákospalotai EAC
Attila Polonkai is affiliated to Puskás Akadémia FC
Attila Polonkai is affiliated to Újpest FC
Attila Polonkai is affiliated to BVSC Budapest
Attila Polonkai is affiliated to Vasas SC
Attila Polonkai is affiliated to Hungary national under-21 football team
Attila Polonkai is affiliated to Hungary national football team
Attila Polonkai is affiliated to Szolnoki MÁV FC
Attila Polonkai is affiliated to Videoton FC
Attila Polonkai is affiliated to MTK Budapest FC
Marcelo Espina plays for Racing de Santander
Marcelo Espina plays for Correcaminos UAT
Marcelo Espina plays for Club Atlético Platense
Marcelo Espina plays for C.F. Atlante
Marcelo Espina plays for Argentina national football team
Marcelo Espina plays for Colo-Colo
Marcelo Espina plays for Racing Club de Santander
Marcelo Espina plays for Club Atlético Lanús
Marcelo Espina plays for C.A. Lanús
Marcelo Espina plays for Boca Juniors
"Silicon Valley Monterey Bay Council is located in San Benito County, California"
"Silicon Valley Monterey Bay Council is located in Santa Cruz County, California"
"Silicon Valley Monterey Bay Council is located in Monterey County, California"
"Silicon Valley Monterey Bay Council is located in Salinas, California"
"Silicon Valley Monterey Bay Council is located in Santa Clara County, California"
"Silicon Valley Monterey Bay Council is located in San Jose, California"
Silicon Valley Monterey Bay Council is located in California
Silicon Valley Monterey Bay Council is located in United States
Silicon Valley Monterey Bay Council is located in Silicon Valley Monterey Bay Council
"Silicon Valley Monterey Bay Council is located in Piedmont, California"
Hamelin is located in Hamelin-Pyrmont
Hamelin is located in Europe
Hamelin is located in Holy Roman Empire
Hamelin is located in Germany
Hamelin is located in Lower Saxony
Hamelin is located in United States
Hamelin is located in France
Hamelin is located in Central Europe
Hamelin is located in Africa
Hamelin is located in Asia
Bacău County is located in Nord-Est (development region)
Bacău County is located in Bacău
Bacău County is located in Siret River
Bacău County is located in Vaslui
Bacău County is located in Bacău County
"Bacău County is located in Roman, Romania"
Bacău County is located in Sud-Est (development region)
Bacău County is located in Ținutul Prut
Bacău County is located in Europe
Bacău County is located in Moldavia
Yves Lenaerts has gender male
Yves Lenaerts has gender female
Yves Lenaerts has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Yves Lenaerts has gender Tomsk
Yves Lenaerts has gender United Kingdom
Yves Lenaerts has gender César Award
Yves Lenaerts has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Yves Lenaerts has gender London Heathrow Terminal 3
Yves Lenaerts has gender Bulgaria
Yves Lenaerts has gender London
Dan Antoniuk has gender male
Dan Antoniuk has gender female
Dan Antoniuk has gender Turkey
Dan Antoniuk has gender Azerbaijan
Dan Antoniuk has gender Republican Party (United States)
Dan Antoniuk has gender Germany
Dan Antoniuk has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Dan Antoniuk has gender United Kingdom
Dan Antoniuk has gender Tomsk
Dan Antoniuk has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Joe Devera is affiliated to Welwyn Garden City F.C.
Joe Devera is affiliated to Northwood F.C.
Joe Devera is affiliated to Portsmouth F.C.
Joe Devera is affiliated to Barnet F.C.
Joe Devera is affiliated to Swindon Town F.C.
Joe Devera is affiliated to Tottenham Hotspur F.C.
Joe Devera is affiliated to Havant & Waterlooville F.C.
Joe Devera is affiliated to Watford F.C.
Joe Devera is affiliated to Brentford F.C.
Joe Devera is affiliated to Reading F.C.
Hussain Salman plays for Al-Shabab Club (Manama)
Hussain Salman plays for Bahrain national football team
Hussain Salman plays for Riffa S.C.
Hussain Salman plays for Al-Muharraq SC
Hussain Salman plays for Al Wasl FC
Hussain Salman plays for Al-Wasl
Hussain Salman plays for Al-Ahli Club (Manama)
Hussain Salman plays for Al-Salmiya SC
Hussain Salman plays for Kuwait SC
Hussain Salman plays for Al Ain FC
Danny Lorenz has gender male
Danny Lorenz has gender female
Danny Lorenz has gender Tomsk
Danny Lorenz has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Danny Lorenz has gender London Heathrow Terminal 3
Danny Lorenz has gender Azerbaijan
Danny Lorenz has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Danny Lorenz has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Danny Lorenz has gender United Arab Emirates
Danny Lorenz has gender César Award
Demba Savage plays for Gambia Ports Authority F.C.
Demba Savage plays for FC Honka
Demba Savage plays for Kokkolan Palloveikot
Demba Savage plays for Gambia national football team
Demba Savage plays for Helsingin Jalkapalloklubi
Demba Savage plays for Warriors F.C.
Demba Savage plays for Finland national under-21 football team
Demba Savage plays for Finland national football team
Demba Savage plays for FF Jaro
Demba Savage plays for Klubi-04
Luca Siligardi plays for Unione Triestina 2012 S.S.D.
Luca Siligardi plays for S.S.D. Piacenza Calcio 1919
Luca Siligardi plays for A.S. Bari
Luca Siligardi plays for Bologna F.C. 1909
Luca Siligardi plays for A.S. Livorno Calcio
Luca Siligardi plays for Parma F.C.
Luca Siligardi plays for Inter Milan
Luca Siligardi plays for U.S. Triestina Calcio
Luca Siligardi plays for Piacenza Calcio
Luca Siligardi plays for A.C. Milan
Mike Barten plays for SV Werder Bremen II
Mike Barten plays for SV Wilhelmshaven
Mike Barten plays for FC Oberneuland
Mike Barten plays for FC Erzgebirge Aue
Mike Barten plays for SV Werder Bremen
Mike Barten plays for Werder Bremen
Mike Barten plays for VfB Lübeck
Mike Barten plays for VfB Oldenburg
Mike Barten plays for Kickers Emden
Mike Barten plays for Holstein Kiel
Mark O'Connor (footballer) is affiliated to Republic of Ireland national under-21 football team
Mark O'Connor (footballer) is affiliated to Bristol Rovers F.C.
Mark O'Connor (footballer) is affiliated to Gillingham F.C.
Mark O'Connor (footballer) is affiliated to A.F.C. Bournemouth
Mark O'Connor (footballer) is affiliated to Exeter City F.C.
Mark O'Connor (footballer) is affiliated to Bristol City F.C.
Mark O'Connor (footballer) is affiliated to Queens Park Rangers F.C.
Mark O'Connor (footballer) is affiliated to Plymouth Argyle F.C.
Mark O'Connor (footballer) is affiliated to Millwall F.C.
Mark O'Connor (footballer) is affiliated to Republic of Ireland national football team
Ihor Oshchypko is affiliated to FC Shakhtar-3 Donetsk
Ihor Oshchypko is affiliated to FC Shakhtar-2 Donetsk
Ihor Oshchypko is affiliated to FC Shakhtar Donetsk
Ihor Oshchypko is affiliated to Ukraine national football team
Ihor Oshchypko is affiliated to F.C. Shakhtar Donetsk
Ihor Oshchypko is affiliated to FC Karpaty Lviv
Ihor Oshchypko is affiliated to FC Arsenal Kyiv
Ihor Oshchypko is affiliated to Ukraine national under-21 football team
Ihor Oshchypko is affiliated to FC Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk
Ihor Oshchypko is affiliated to FC Illichivets Mariupol
Collectivity of Saint Martin has neighbor Belgium
Collectivity of Saint Martin has neighbor Italy
Collectivity of Saint Martin has neighbor Luxembourg
Collectivity of Saint Martin has neighbor Germany
Collectivity of Saint Martin has neighbor Kingdom of the Netherlands
Collectivity of Saint Martin has neighbor France
Collectivity of Saint Martin has neighbor Andorra
Collectivity of Saint Martin has neighbor Monaco
Collectivity of Saint Martin has neighbor Switzerland
Collectivity of Saint Martin has neighbor Spain
Arunachal Pradesh is located in United States
Arunachal Pradesh is located in Europe
Arunachal Pradesh is located in Arunachal Pradesh
Arunachal Pradesh is located in India
Arunachal Pradesh is located in Asia
Arunachal Pradesh is located in China
Arunachal Pradesh is located in Indian Ocean
Arunachal Pradesh is located in France
Arunachal Pradesh is located in United Kingdom
Arunachal Pradesh is located in Germany
Tambov Oblast has capital Tambov
Tambov Oblast has capital Tambov Oblast
Tambov Oblast has capital Central Black Earth economic region
Tambov Oblast has capital Central Federal District
Tambov Oblast has capital Kursk Oblast
Tambov Oblast has capital Lipetsk
Tambov Oblast has capital Lipetsk Oblast
Tambov Oblast has capital Belgorod Oblast
Tambov Oblast has capital Stary Oskol
Tambov Oblast has capital Voronezh Oblast
Philippe Coutinho plays for Brazil national under-17 football team
Philippe Coutinho plays for Brazil national under-20 football team
Philippe Coutinho plays for CR Vasco da Gama
Philippe Coutinho plays for RCD Espanyol
Philippe Coutinho plays for Inter Milan
Philippe Coutinho plays for Liverpool F.C.
Philippe Coutinho plays for Brazil national football team
Philippe Coutinho plays for R.C.D. Espanyol de Barcelona
Philippe Coutinho plays for C.R. Vasco da Gama
Philippe Coutinho plays for FC Barcelona
Abraham Maslow has gender male
Abraham Maslow has gender female
Abraham Maslow has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Abraham Maslow has gender United Kingdom
Abraham Maslow has gender Turkey
Abraham Maslow has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Abraham Maslow has gender Independent (politician)
Abraham Maslow has gender London Heathrow Terminal 3
Abraham Maslow has gender Hong Kong
Abraham Maslow has gender wordnet machinery 103701640
Dennis Wit is affiliated to Baltimore Bays (1972–73)
Dennis Wit is affiliated to San Diego Jaws
Dennis Wit is affiliated to Loyola University Maryland
Dennis Wit is affiliated to Baltimore Comets
Dennis Wit is affiliated to New England Tea Men
Dennis Wit is affiliated to Tampa Bay Rowdies (1975–93)
Dennis Wit is affiliated to Jacksonville Tea Men
Dennis Wit is affiliated to United States men's national soccer team
Dennis Wit is affiliated to Washington Diplomats
Dennis Wit is affiliated to Baltimore Blast (1980–92)
Rudis Corrales plays for C.D. Águila
Rudis Corrales plays for C.D. Municipal Limeño
Rudis Corrales plays for El Salvador national football team
Rudis Corrales plays for El Salvador national under-20 football team
Rudis Corrales plays for C.D. Dragón
Rudis Corrales plays for El Salvador national under-23 football team
Rudis Corrales plays for Alianza F.C.
Rudis Corrales plays for El Salvador national under-21 football team
Rudis Corrales plays for El Salvador national under-17 football team
Rudis Corrales plays for C.D. Atlético Chaparratique
Neto (footballer) has gender male
Neto (footballer) has gender female
Neto (footballer) has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Neto (footballer) has gender United Kingdom
Neto (footballer) has gender Republican Party (United States)
Neto (footballer) has gender wordnet chemical 114806838
Neto (footballer) has gender Azerbaijan
Neto (footballer) has gender Golden Globe Award
Neto (footballer) has gender Tomsk
Neto (footballer) has gender Democratic Party (United States)
"Imizu, Toyama is located in Toyama Prefecture"
"Imizu, Toyama is located in Toyama (prefecture)"
"Imizu, Toyama is located in Hokuriku region"
"Imizu, Toyama is located in Chūbu region"
"Imizu, Toyama is located in Chubu"
"Imizu, Toyama is located in Japan"
"Imizu, Toyama is located in Honshu"
"Imizu, Toyama is located in Niigata Prefecture"
"Imizu, Toyama is located in Kōshin'etsu region"
"Imizu, Toyama is located in Tōkai region"
Andrea Guerra (footballer) has gender male
Andrea Guerra (footballer) has gender female
Andrea Guerra (footballer) has gender United Kingdom
Andrea Guerra (footballer) has gender Tomsk
Andrea Guerra (footballer) has gender United States
Andrea Guerra (footballer) has gender Golden Globe Award
Andrea Guerra (footballer) has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Andrea Guerra (footballer) has gender Azerbaijan
Andrea Guerra (footballer) has gender Germany
Andrea Guerra (footballer) has gender London
Ben Teekloh plays for International Allies F.C.
Ben Teekloh plays for FC Dunărea Giurgiu
Ben Teekloh plays for Al-Nasr S.C.S.C.
Ben Teekloh plays for FC Nistru Otaci
Ben Teekloh plays for Tonnerre Yaoundé
Ben Teekloh plays for Ashanti Gold SC
Ben Teekloh plays for FC Farul Constanța
Ben Teekloh plays for Liberia national football team
Ben Teekloh plays for FC Astra Giurgiu
Ben Teekloh plays for Cameroon national football team
"Killingly, Connecticut is located in Quiet Corner"
"Killingly, Connecticut is located in Windham County, Connecticut"
"Killingly, Connecticut is located in United States"
"Killingly, Connecticut is located in Connecticut"
"Killingly, Connecticut is located in Florida"
"Killingly, Connecticut is located in United Kingdom"
"Killingly, Connecticut is located in California"
"Killingly, Connecticut is located in Canada"
"Killingly, Connecticut is located in India"
"Killingly, Connecticut is located in Massachusetts"
Leif Nielsen is affiliated to Houston Stars
Leif Nielsen is affiliated to Denmark national football team
Leif Nielsen is affiliated to Boldklubben Frem
Leif Nielsen is affiliated to Greenock Morton F.C.
Leif Nielsen is affiliated to Denmark national under-21 football team
Leif Nielsen is affiliated to Brønshøj BK
Leif Nielsen is affiliated to Denmark national under-19 football team
Leif Nielsen is affiliated to Kjøbenhavns Boldklub
Leif Nielsen is affiliated to Akademisk Boldklub
Leif Nielsen is affiliated to Brøndby IF
Mehmet Batdal is affiliated to Bucaspor
Mehmet Batdal is affiliated to Turkey national under-21 football team
Mehmet Batdal is affiliated to Kardemir D. Ç. Karabükspor
Mehmet Batdal is affiliated to Galatasaray S.K.
Mehmet Batdal is affiliated to Turkey national football B team
Mehmet Batdal is affiliated to İstanbul Başakşehir F.K.
Mehmet Batdal is affiliated to Galatasaray S.K. (football)
Mehmet Batdal is affiliated to Torku Konyaspor
Mehmet Batdal is affiliated to Altay S.K.
Mehmet Batdal is affiliated to İstanbul Büyükşehir Belediyespor (football)
Ladislav Novák has gender male
Ladislav Novák has gender female
Ladislav Novák has gender Azerbaijan
Ladislav Novák has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Ladislav Novák has gender United Kingdom
Ladislav Novák has gender France
Ladislav Novák has gender Tomsk
Ladislav Novák has gender London
Ladislav Novák has gender Eduardo Gomes International Airport
Ladislav Novák has gender Brazil
Jackie Williams (footballer born 1911) is affiliated to Llanelli A.F.C.
Jackie Williams (footballer born 1911) is affiliated to Ipswich Town F.C.
Jackie Williams (footballer born 1911) is affiliated to Wales national football team
Jackie Williams (footballer born 1911) is affiliated to Aston Villa F.C.
Jackie Williams (footballer born 1911) is affiliated to Huddersfield Town F.C.
Jackie Williams (footballer born 1911) is affiliated to Wrexham F.C.
Jackie Williams (footballer born 1911) is affiliated to Swansea City A.F.C.
Jackie Williams (footballer born 1911) is affiliated to Cardiff City F.C.
Jackie Williams (footballer born 1911) is affiliated to Birmingham City F.C.
Jackie Williams (footballer born 1911) is affiliated to Wales national under-21 football team
Michel Gafour is affiliated to GS Consolat
Michel Gafour is affiliated to Municipal Liberia
Michel Gafour is affiliated to SO Cassis Carnoux
Michel Gafour is affiliated to Sporting Toulon Var
Michel Gafour is affiliated to Olympique de Marseille
Michel Gafour is affiliated to AS Cannes
Michel Gafour is affiliated to France national under-18 football team
Michel Gafour is affiliated to A.S. Cannes Football
Michel Gafour is affiliated to France national under-17 football team
Michel Gafour is affiliated to France national under-19 football team
Rémi Maréval plays for Gazélec Ajaccio
Rémi Maréval plays for AS Beauvais Oise
Rémi Maréval plays for Tours FC
Rémi Maréval plays for S.V. Zulte Waregem
Rémi Maréval plays for K.A.A. Gent
Rémi Maréval plays for FC Nantes
Rémi Maréval plays for Maccabi Tel Aviv F.C.
Rémi Maréval plays for Tours F.C.
Rémi Maréval plays for Oldham Athletic A.F.C.
Rémi Maréval plays for F.C. Nantes
Néstor Ortigoza plays for San Lorenzo de Almagro
Néstor Ortigoza plays for Club Atlético Nueva Chicago
Néstor Ortigoza plays for Argentinos Juniors
Néstor Ortigoza plays for Emirates Club
Néstor Ortigoza plays for Paraguay national football team
Néstor Ortigoza plays for C.A. San Lorenzo de Almagro
Néstor Ortigoza plays for A.A. Argentinos Juniors
Néstor Ortigoza plays for Cerro Porteño
Néstor Ortigoza plays for Club de Gimnasia y Esgrima La Plata
Néstor Ortigoza plays for Argentina national football team
Evgheni Hmaruc plays for FC Tighina
Evgheni Hmaruc plays for Moldova national football team
Evgheni Hmaruc plays for Moldova national under-21 football team
Evgheni Hmaruc plays for FC Dinamo-Auto Tiraspol
Evgheni Hmaruc plays for CS Tiligul-Tiras Tiraspol
Evgheni Hmaruc plays for FC Rapid Ghidighici
Evgheni Hmaruc plays for FC Tiraspol
Evgheni Hmaruc plays for FC Nistru Otaci
Evgheni Hmaruc plays for FC Dynamo Saint Petersburg
Evgheni Hmaruc plays for PFC Cherno More Varna
Ruben Pereira is affiliated to Uruguay national football team
Ruben Pereira is affiliated to Club Nacional de Football
Ruben Pereira is affiliated to U.S. Cremonese
Ruben Pereira is affiliated to Boca Juniors
Ruben Pereira is affiliated to Danubio F.C.
Ruben Pereira is affiliated to Peñarol
Ruben Pereira is affiliated to Defensor Sporting
Ruben Pereira is affiliated to C.A. Bella Vista
Ruben Pereira is affiliated to Club Atlético River Plate (Montevideo)
Ruben Pereira is affiliated to Uruguay national under-20 football team
Daniele Galloppa plays for Italy national under-19 football team
Daniele Galloppa plays for Italy national under-20 football team
Daniele Galloppa plays for Unione Triestina 2012 S.S.D.
Daniele Galloppa plays for Italy national under-18 football team
Daniele Galloppa plays for A.C. Siena
Daniele Galloppa plays for A.S. Roma
Daniele Galloppa plays for Ascoli Calcio 1898
Daniele Galloppa plays for Italy national under-21 football team
Daniele Galloppa plays for Parma F.C.
Daniele Galloppa plays for Italy national football team
Neil Adams (footballer) has gender male
Neil Adams (footballer) has gender female
Neil Adams (footballer) has gender Golden Globe Award
Neil Adams (footballer) has gender Azerbaijan
Neil Adams (footballer) has gender France
Neil Adams (footballer) has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Neil Adams (footballer) has gender Tomsk
Neil Adams (footballer) has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Neil Adams (footballer) has gender Turkey
Neil Adams (footballer) has gender César Award
Jon Sunderland plays for Whitley Bay F.C.
Jon Sunderland plays for Bedlington Terriers F.C.
Jon Sunderland plays for Gateshead F.C.
Jon Sunderland plays for Hartlepool United F.C.
Jon Sunderland plays for Scarborough F.C.
Jon Sunderland plays for Northwich Victoria F.C.
Jon Sunderland plays for Queen of the South F.C.
Jon Sunderland plays for Blackpool F.C.
Jon Sunderland plays for Ashington A.F.C.
Jon Sunderland plays for Blyth Spartans A.F.C.
Nick Theslof plays for Orange County Blue Star
Nick Theslof plays for Cleveland Crunch
Nick Theslof plays for Columbus Crew
Nick Theslof plays for PSV Eindhoven
Nick Theslof plays for UCLA Bruins
Nick Theslof plays for P.S.V. Eindhoven
Nick Theslof plays for United States men's national soccer team
Nick Theslof plays for LA Galaxy
Nick Theslof plays for San Jose Earthquakes
Nick Theslof plays for Seattle Sounders (1994–2008)
Pablo Piatti is affiliated to Club Estudiantes de La Plata
Pablo Piatti is affiliated to Valencia CF
Pablo Piatti is affiliated to UD Almería
Pablo Piatti is affiliated to Argentina national under-20 football team
Pablo Piatti is affiliated to Valencia C.F.
Pablo Piatti is affiliated to Estudiantes de La Plata
Pablo Piatti is affiliated to Argentina national football team
Pablo Piatti is affiliated to Boca Juniors
Pablo Piatti is affiliated to Racing Club de Avellaneda
Pablo Piatti is affiliated to Argentina national under-23 football team
David Norman (soccer) plays for Winnipeg Fury
David Norman (soccer) plays for Vancouver Whitecaps (1974–84)
David Norman (soccer) plays for Tacoma Stars (MISL)
David Norman (soccer) plays for Vancouver Whitecaps (1986–2010)
David Norman (soccer) plays for University College Dublin A.F.C.
David Norman (soccer) plays for Canada men's national soccer team
David Norman (soccer) plays for Hamilton Steelers (1986–1992)
David Norman (soccer) plays for Canada men's national under-20 soccer team
David Norman (soccer) plays for fr/Whitecaps de Vancouver (USL)
David Norman (soccer) plays for Vancouver Whitecaps FC Residency
Saarde Parish is located in Estonia
Saarde Parish is located in United States
Saarde Parish is located in Poland
Saarde Parish is located in Harju County
Saarde Parish is located in Iran
Saarde Parish is located in Tartu County
Saarde Parish is located in Ida-Viru County
Saarde Parish is located in Pärnu County
Saarde Parish is located in Netherlands
Saarde Parish is located in Slovenia
John Deans is affiliated to Motherwell F.C.
John Deans is affiliated to Celtic F.C.
John Deans is affiliated to Partick Thistle F.C.
John Deans is affiliated to Adelaide City FC
John Deans is affiliated to Neilston Juniors F.C.
John Deans is affiliated to Shelbourne F.C.
John Deans is affiliated to Luton Town F.C.
John Deans is affiliated to Scotland national football team
John Deans is affiliated to Albion Rovers F.C.
John Deans is affiliated to Carlisle United F.C.
Anastasios Katsabis plays for Acharnaikos F.C.
Anastasios Katsabis plays for Panionios G.S.S.
Anastasios Katsabis plays for Iraklis Thessaloniki F.C.
Anastasios Katsabis plays for PAOK FC
Anastasios Katsabis plays for Greece national football team
Anastasios Katsabis plays for P.A.O.K. Thessaloniki F.C.
Anastasios Katsabis plays for Panionios F.C
Anastasios Katsabis plays for Panathinaikos F.C.
Anastasios Katsabis plays for Olympiacos F.C.
Anastasios Katsabis plays for Greece national under-21 football team
Bernard Campan acted in Les Trois Frères
Bernard Campan acted in Les Uns et les Autres
Bernard Campan acted in Subway (film)
Bernard Campan acted in Uranus (film)
Bernard Campan acted in Private Fears in Public Places (film)
Bernard Campan acted in Le Prix du Danger
Bernard Campan acted in La Reine Margot (1994 film)
Bernard Campan acted in Deadly Circuit
Bernard Campan acted in The Taste of Others
Bernard Campan acted in Germinal (1993 film)
Samuel Inkoom plays for Sekondi Hasaacas F.C.
Samuel Inkoom plays for Ghana national football team
Samuel Inkoom plays for Ghana national under-20 football team
Samuel Inkoom plays for SC Bastia
Samuel Inkoom plays for Platanias F.C.
Samuel Inkoom plays for S.C. Bastia
Samuel Inkoom plays for Asante Kotoko SC
Samuel Inkoom plays for FC Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk
Samuel Inkoom plays for FC Basel
Samuel Inkoom plays for Liberty Professionals F.C.
James Pritchett (footballer) plays for New Zealand national under-17 football team
James Pritchett (footballer) plays for New Zealand national under-23 football team
James Pritchett (footballer) plays for Khonkaen F.C.
James Pritchett (footballer) plays for Football Kingz FC
James Pritchett (footballer) plays for New Zealand national football team
James Pritchett (footballer) plays for Auckland City FC
James Pritchett (footballer) plays for Cambridge United F.C.
James Pritchett (footballer) plays for New Zealand national under-20 football team
James Pritchett (footballer) plays for New Zealand Knights FC
James Pritchett (footballer) plays for Central United
Orhan Ak has gender male
Orhan Ak has gender female
Orhan Ak has gender United Kingdom
Orhan Ak has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Orhan Ak has gender United States
Orhan Ak has gender Tomsk
Orhan Ak has gender South Yemen
Orhan Ak has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Orhan Ak has gender wordnet electronics 106099269
Orhan Ak has gender Germany
Eduardo Blandón is affiliated to Boyacá Chicó F.C.
Eduardo Blandón is affiliated to Deportes Quindío
Eduardo Blandón is affiliated to Atlético Nacional
Eduardo Blandón is affiliated to Envigado F.C.
Eduardo Blandón is affiliated to Millonarios Fútbol Club
Eduardo Blandón is affiliated to Club Ferro Carril Oeste
Eduardo Blandón is affiliated to América de Cali
Eduardo Blandón is affiliated to Colombia national football team
Eduardo Blandón is affiliated to Deportivo Pereira
Eduardo Blandón is affiliated to Envigado Fútbol Club
Jorge Sampaio is politician of Portugal
Jorge Sampaio is politician of France
Jorge Sampaio is politician of Spain
Jorge Sampaio is politician of Belgium
Jorge Sampaio is politician of Germany
Jorge Sampaio is politician of Italy
Jorge Sampaio is politician of Greece
Jorge Sampaio is politician of United States
Jorge Sampaio is politician of Latvia
Jorge Sampaio is politician of Brazil
Carlos Peña (footballer) plays for FC Barcelona B
Carlos Peña (footballer) plays for Spain national under-19 football team
Carlos Peña (footballer) plays for Albacete Balompié
Carlos Peña (footballer) plays for Recreativo de Huelva
Carlos Peña (footballer) plays for Real Valladolid
Carlos Peña (footballer) plays for Spain national under-20 football team
Carlos Peña (footballer) plays for FC Barcelona C
Carlos Peña (footballer) plays for FC Barcelona
Carlos Peña (footballer) plays for Spain national under-21 football team
Carlos Peña (footballer) plays for Real Valladolid C.F.
Haggerty Award is located in New York metropolitan area
Haggerty Award is located in United States
Haggerty Award is located in Connecticut
"Haggerty Award is located in Westchester County, New York"
"Haggerty Award is located in Suffolk County, New York"
Haggerty Award is located in United Kingdom
Haggerty Award is located in Poland
Haggerty Award is located in New Jersey
Haggerty Award is located in California
"Haggerty Award is located in New Haven County, Connecticut"
Daniel Chitsulo plays for SC Preußen Münster
Daniel Chitsulo plays for SV Bergisch Gladbach 09
Daniel Chitsulo plays for VfL Osnabrück
Daniel Chitsulo plays for Rot-Weiss Essen
Daniel Chitsulo plays for 1. FC Köln
Daniel Chitsulo plays for 1. FC Cologne
Daniel Chitsulo plays for Malawi national football team
Daniel Chitsulo plays for Rot Weiss Ahlen
Daniel Chitsulo plays for MSV Duisburg
Daniel Chitsulo plays for SC Fortuna Köln
Lucian Marinescu is affiliated to FC Rapid București
Lucian Marinescu is affiliated to FCM Reșița
Lucian Marinescu is affiliated to UD Salamanca
Lucian Marinescu is affiliated to G.D. Chaves
Lucian Marinescu is affiliated to S.C. Farense
Lucian Marinescu is affiliated to Associação Académica de Coimbra – O.A.F.
Lucian Marinescu is affiliated to Romania national football team
Lucian Marinescu is affiliated to Akratitos F.C.
Lucian Marinescu is affiliated to FC Brașov
Lucian Marinescu is affiliated to FC Dinamo București
Werner Olk has gender male
Werner Olk has gender female
Werner Olk has gender Tomsk
Werner Olk has gender César Award
Werner Olk has gender Turkey
Werner Olk has gender London
Werner Olk has gender United Kingdom
Werner Olk has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Werner Olk has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Werner Olk has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Saul Deeney plays for Gresley F.C.
Saul Deeney plays for Burton Albion F.C.
Saul Deeney plays for Ilkeston F.C.
Saul Deeney plays for Hucknall Town F.C.
Saul Deeney plays for Derby County F.C.
Saul Deeney plays for Hull City A.F.C.
Saul Deeney plays for Notts County F.C.
Saul Deeney plays for Republic of Ireland national under-21 football team
Saul Deeney plays for Nottingham Forest F.C.
Saul Deeney plays for Eastwood Town F.C.
Adrian Foster (footballer) is affiliated to Taunton Town F.C.
Adrian Foster (footballer) is affiliated to Bath City F.C.
Adrian Foster (footballer) is affiliated to Torquay United F.C.
Adrian Foster (footballer) is affiliated to Exeter City F.C.
Adrian Foster (footballer) is affiliated to Forest Green Rovers F.C.
Adrian Foster (footballer) is affiliated to Yeovil Town F.C.
Adrian Foster (footballer) is affiliated to Hereford United F.C.
Adrian Foster (footballer) is affiliated to Rushden & Diamonds F.C.
Adrian Foster (footballer) is affiliated to Frome Town F.C.
Adrian Foster (footballer) is affiliated to Gillingham F.C.
Jack Randle is affiliated to Guildford City F.C.
Jack Randle is affiliated to A.F.C. Bournemouth
Jack Randle is affiliated to Birmingham City F.C.
Jack Randle is affiliated to Southend United F.C.
Jack Randle is affiliated to Coventry City F.C.
Jack Randle is affiliated to Portsmouth F.C.
Jack Randle is affiliated to West Ham United F.C.
Jack Randle is affiliated to Southampton F.C.
Jack Randle is affiliated to Arsenal F.C.
Jack Randle is affiliated to Tottenham Hotspur F.C.
Madurai district is located in Tamil Nadu
Madurai district is located in Madurai
Madurai district is located in India
Madurai district is located in Madurai district
Madurai district is located in United States
Madurai district is located in Chennai
Madurai district is located in Kongu Nadu
Madurai district is located in United Kingdom
Madurai district is located in California
Madurai district is located in Maharashtra
Mickaël Buscher is affiliated to CS Hammam-Lif
Mickaël Buscher is affiliated to France national youth football team
Mickaël Buscher is affiliated to CA Bizertin
Mickaël Buscher is affiliated to OGC Nice
Mickaël Buscher is affiliated to Grimsby Town F.C.
Mickaël Buscher is affiliated to Gretna F.C.
Mickaël Buscher is affiliated to O.G.C. Nice
Mickaël Buscher is affiliated to Espérance de Tunis
Mickaël Buscher is affiliated to AS Monaco FC
Mickaël Buscher is affiliated to Hamilton Academical F.C.
David Revivo is affiliated to Maccabi Yavne F.C.
David Revivo is affiliated to Beitar Jerusalem F.C.
David Revivo is affiliated to F.C. Ashdod
David Revivo is affiliated to Hapoel Be'er Sheva F.C.
David Revivo is affiliated to Hapoel Haifa F.C.
David Revivo is affiliated to Maccabi Tel Aviv F.C.
David Revivo is affiliated to Israel national under-21 football team
David Revivo is affiliated to Hapoel Haifa
David Revivo is affiliated to Israel national football team
David Revivo is affiliated to Bnei Yehuda Tel Aviv F.C.
Bira Dembélé is affiliated to CS Sedan Ardennes
Bira Dembélé is affiliated to Red Star F.C.
Bira Dembélé is affiliated to US Boulogne
Bira Dembélé is affiliated to Villemomble Sports
Bira Dembélé is affiliated to UJA Maccabi Paris Métropole
Bira Dembélé is affiliated to France national under-21 football team
Bira Dembélé is affiliated to C.S. Sedan Ardennes
Bira Dembélé is affiliated to Stade Rennais F.C.
Bira Dembélé is affiliated to Stevenage F.C.
Bira Dembélé is affiliated to Paris Saint-Germain F.C.
Kelheim (district) is located in Kelheim
Kelheim (district) is located in Lower Bavaria
Kelheim (district) is located in Kelheim (district)
Kelheim (district) is located in United States
Kelheim (district) is located in Bavaria
Kelheim (district) is located in Poland
Kelheim (district) is located in Deggendorf
Kelheim (district) is located in Deggendorf (district)
Kelheim (district) is located in Europe
Kelheim (district) is located in Landshut (district)
Nemanja Milisavljević plays for FK Rabotnički
Nemanja Milisavljević plays for FC Vaslui
Nemanja Milisavljević plays for FK Radnički Niš
Nemanja Milisavljević plays for PFC Ludogorets Razgrad
Nemanja Milisavljević plays for PFC CSKA Sofia
Nemanja Milisavljević plays for FC Rapid București
Nemanja Milisavljević plays for OFK Beograd
Nemanja Milisavljević plays for FK Vardar
Nemanja Milisavljević plays for FK Rad
Nemanja Milisavljević plays for O.F.K. Beograd
Ronnie Coyle plays for Albion Rovers F.C.
Ronnie Coyle plays for Queen's Park F.C.
Ronnie Coyle plays for Clyde F.C.
Ronnie Coyle plays for East Fife F.C.
Ronnie Coyle plays for Celtic F.C.
Ronnie Coyle plays for Ayr United F.C.
Ronnie Coyle plays for Rochdale A.F.C.
Ronnie Coyle plays for Middlesbrough F.C.
Ronnie Coyle plays for Raith Rovers F.C.
Ronnie Coyle plays for Scotland national football team
Municipality of Divača is located in nl/Sežana (gemeente)
Municipality of Divača is located in Slovenian Littoral
Municipality of Divača is located in Slovenia
Municipality of Divača is located in Goriška
Municipality of Divača is located in Obalno-kraška Statistical Region
Municipality of Divača is located in Slovene Littoral
Municipality of Divača is located in Municipality of Divača
Municipality of Divača is located in United States
Municipality of Divača is located in Municipality of Tolmin
Municipality of Divača is located in Poland
Maxwell Cabelino Andrade is affiliated to Brazil national under-23 football team
Maxwell Cabelino Andrade is affiliated to Brazil national football team
Maxwell Cabelino Andrade is affiliated to Cruzeiro Esporte Clube
Maxwell Cabelino Andrade is affiliated to Inter Milan
Maxwell Cabelino Andrade is affiliated to Cruzeiro E.C.
Maxwell Cabelino Andrade is affiliated to FC Barcelona
Maxwell Cabelino Andrade is affiliated to Paris Saint-Germain F.C.
Maxwell Cabelino Andrade is affiliated to AFC Ajax
Maxwell Cabelino Andrade is affiliated to A.F.C. Ajax
Maxwell Cabelino Andrade is affiliated to Empoli F.C.
René Marsiglia is affiliated to R.C. Lens
René Marsiglia is affiliated to RC Lens
René Marsiglia is affiliated to Sporting Toulon Var
René Marsiglia is affiliated to Dubai CSC
René Marsiglia is affiliated to US Boulogne
René Marsiglia is affiliated to Nîmes Olympique F.C.
René Marsiglia is affiliated to Amiens SC
René Marsiglia is affiliated to OGC Nice
René Marsiglia is affiliated to Lille OSC
René Marsiglia is affiliated to O.G.C. Nice
Terry Boss plays for Puerto Rico national football team
Terry Boss plays for Tulsa Golden Hurricane men's soccer
Terry Boss plays for Fort Wayne Fever
Terry Boss plays for Puerto Rico Islanders
Terry Boss plays for Vermont Voltage
Terry Boss plays for Charlotte Eagles
Terry Boss plays for Seattle Sounders FC
Terry Boss plays for New York Red Bulls
Terry Boss plays for Cascade Surge
Terry Boss plays for Chicago Fire Soccer Club
André Gumprecht plays for Lake Macquarie City FC
André Gumprecht plays for Bankstown City FC
André Gumprecht plays for Parramatta Power SC
André Gumprecht plays for Bonnyrigg White Eagles FC
André Gumprecht plays for Dresdner SC
André Gumprecht plays for de/SCB Viktoria Köln
André Gumprecht plays for FSV Zwickau
André Gumprecht plays for FC Viktoria Köln
André Gumprecht plays for Central Coast Mariners FC
André Gumprecht plays for Bayer 04 Leverkusen II
Jack Taylor (Scottish footballer) is affiliated to South Liverpool F.C.
Jack Taylor (Scottish footballer) is affiliated to Dumbarton F.C.
Jack Taylor (Scottish footballer) is affiliated to St. Mirren F.C.
Jack Taylor (Scottish footballer) is affiliated to Everton F.C.
Jack Taylor (Scottish footballer) is affiliated to Scottish Football League XI
Jack Taylor (Scottish footballer) is affiliated to Scotland national football team
Jack Taylor (Scottish footballer) is affiliated to Rangers F.C.
Jack Taylor (Scottish footballer) is affiliated to Liverpool F.C.
Jack Taylor (Scottish footballer) is affiliated to Celtic F.C.
Jack Taylor (Scottish footballer) is affiliated to Partick Thistle F.C.
Tom Jennings (footballer) plays for Bangor City F.C.
Tom Jennings (footballer) plays for Leeds United A.F.C.
Tom Jennings (footballer) plays for Chester City F.C.
Tom Jennings (footballer) plays for Tottenham Hotspur F.C.
Tom Jennings (footballer) plays for Raith Rovers F.C.
Tom Jennings (footballer) plays for Manchester United F.C.
Tom Jennings (footballer) plays for Wrexham F.C.
Tom Jennings (footballer) plays for Everton F.C.
Tom Jennings (footballer) plays for Manchester City F.C.
Tom Jennings (footballer) plays for Scotland national football team
Lorne Greene died in Los Angeles
Lorne Greene died in New York City
Lorne Greene died in London
"Lorne Greene died in Santa Monica, California"
"Lorne Greene died in Beverly Hills, California"
"Lorne Greene died in Palm Springs, California"
Lorne Greene died in San Francisco
Lorne Greene died in Paris
Lorne Greene died in Chicago
"Lorne Greene died in Burbank, California"
Elton Martins is affiliated to Antequera CF
Elton Martins is affiliated to Esporte Clube Taubaté
Elton Martins is affiliated to CD Puertollano
Elton Martins is affiliated to RCD Espanyol B
Elton Martins is affiliated to Sport Club Corinthians Paulista
Elton Martins is affiliated to Clube Atlético Mineiro
Elton Martins is affiliated to América Futebol Clube (MG)
Elton Martins is affiliated to FK Teleoptik
Elton Martins is affiliated to RCD Espanyol
Elton Martins is affiliated to R.C.D. Espanyol de Barcelona
Jeff Hamilton (ice hockey) has gender male
Jeff Hamilton (ice hockey) has gender female
Jeff Hamilton (ice hockey) has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Jeff Hamilton (ice hockey) has gender César Award
Jeff Hamilton (ice hockey) has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Jeff Hamilton (ice hockey) has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Jeff Hamilton (ice hockey) has gender London Heathrow Terminal 3
Jeff Hamilton (ice hockey) has gender Democratic Party (United States)
Jeff Hamilton (ice hockey) has gender Azerbaijan
Jeff Hamilton (ice hockey) has gender Turkey
Raúl Enrique Estévez is affiliated to Club Atlético Colón
Raúl Enrique Estévez is affiliated to Racing Club de Avellaneda
Raúl Enrique Estévez is affiliated to San Lorenzo de Almagro
Raúl Enrique Estévez is affiliated to Club Universidad de Chile
Raúl Enrique Estévez is affiliated to Boca Juniors
Raúl Enrique Estévez is affiliated to Associação Académica de Coimbra – O.A.F.
Raúl Enrique Estévez is affiliated to Boca Unidos
Raúl Enrique Estévez is affiliated to Unión Española
Raúl Enrique Estévez is affiliated to Botafogo de Futebol e Regatas
Raúl Enrique Estévez is affiliated to C.A. San Lorenzo de Almagro
William Matheus is affiliated to Esporte Clube Democrata
William Matheus is affiliated to Tombense Futebol Clube
William Matheus is affiliated to Associação Botafogo Futebol Clube
William Matheus is affiliated to Figueirense Futebol Clube
William Matheus is affiliated to Esporte Clube Bahia
William Matheus is affiliated to CR Vasco da Gama
William Matheus is affiliated to Goiás Esporte Clube
William Matheus is affiliated to Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras
William Matheus is affiliated to Clube de Regatas do Flamengo
William Matheus is affiliated to Fluminense FC
Jonathan Cisternas plays for Ñublense
Jonathan Cisternas plays for Coquimbo Unido
Jonathan Cisternas plays for Club Deportes Concepción
Jonathan Cisternas plays for Chile national football team
Jonathan Cisternas plays for Cobreloa
Jonathan Cisternas plays for Club Universidad de Chile
Jonathan Cisternas plays for Colo-Colo
Jonathan Cisternas plays for C.D. Universidad de Concepción
Jonathan Cisternas plays for Huachipato
Jonathan Cisternas plays for O'Higgins F.C.
Vīts Rimkus is affiliated to Valmieras FK
Vīts Rimkus is affiliated to Latvia national football team
Vīts Rimkus is affiliated to Torpedo Rīga
Vīts Rimkus is affiliated to FK Spartaks Jūrmala
Vīts Rimkus is affiliated to FK Ventspils
Vīts Rimkus is affiliated to Skonto FC
Vīts Rimkus is affiliated to FC Jūrmala
Vīts Rimkus is affiliated to FB Gulbene
Vīts Rimkus is affiliated to Dinamo Riga
Vīts Rimkus is affiliated to FK Ekranas
Emin Quliyev is affiliated to FC Absheron
Emin Quliyev is affiliated to Kapaz PFK
Emin Quliyev is affiliated to Karvan FK
Emin Quliyev is affiliated to Neftchi Baku PFK
Emin Quliyev is affiliated to Khazar Lankaran FK
Emin Quliyev is affiliated to Baku FC
Emin Quliyev is affiliated to Azerbaijan national football team
Emin Quliyev is affiliated to Simurq PIK
Emin Quliyev is affiliated to Turan Tovuz PFK
Emin Quliyev is affiliated to PFC Litex Lovech
Tiberiu Bălan is affiliated to FC Rapid II București
Tiberiu Bălan is affiliated to FC Sportul Studențesc București
Tiberiu Bălan is affiliated to FC Politehnica Timișoara
Tiberiu Bălan is affiliated to FC Unirea Urziceni
Tiberiu Bălan is affiliated to FC Universitatea Cluj
Tiberiu Bălan is affiliated to CS Gaz Metan Mediaș
Tiberiu Bălan is affiliated to FC Rapid București
Tiberiu Bălan is affiliated to F.C. Steaua Bucureşti
Tiberiu Bălan is affiliated to Romania national football team
Tiberiu Bălan is affiliated to FC Steaua București
Betty Compson is married to James Cruze
Betty Compson is married to Betty Compson
Betty Compson is married to Joan Crawford
Betty Compson is married to Marguerite Snow
Betty Compson is married to Dolores Costello
Betty Compson is married to Gene Markey
Betty Compson is married to Brooke Shields
"Betty Compson is married to Douglas Fairbanks, Jr."
Betty Compson is married to Ouida Bergère
Betty Compson is married to Milton Sills
"Highland Park, Illinois is located in Lake County, Illinois"
"Highland Park, Illinois is located in United States"
"Highland Park, Illinois is located in Illinois"
"Highland Park, Illinois is located in California"
"Highland Park, Illinois is located in France"
"Highland Park, Illinois is located in Cook County, Illinois"
"Highland Park, Illinois is located in Lists of World Heritage Sites in Europe"
"Highland Park, Illinois is located in United Kingdom"
"Highland Park, Illinois is located in India"
"Highland Park, Illinois is located in England"
Alemannia Aachen is located in Aachen
Alemannia Aachen is located in North Rhine-Westphalia
Alemannia Aachen is located in Cologne
Alemannia Aachen is located in Baden-Württemberg
Alemannia Aachen is located in Rhineland-Palatinate
Alemannia Aachen is located in Lower Saxony
Alemannia Aachen is located in Saarland
Alemannia Aachen is located in Bavaria
Alemannia Aachen is located in Berlin
Alemannia Aachen is located in Bochum
Bryan Marchment has gender male
Bryan Marchment has gender female
Bryan Marchment has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Bryan Marchment has gender Tomsk
Bryan Marchment has gender London Heathrow Terminal 3
Bryan Marchment has gender Turkey
Bryan Marchment has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Bryan Marchment has gender United Kingdom
Bryan Marchment has gender wordnet chemical 114806838
Bryan Marchment has gender wordnet machinery 103701640
"Steve Torpey (footballer, born 1970) plays for North Ferriby United A.F.C."
"Steve Torpey (footballer, born 1970) plays for Farsley Celtic A.F.C."
"Steve Torpey (footballer, born 1970) plays for Scunthorpe United F.C."
"Steve Torpey (footballer, born 1970) plays for York City F.C."
"Steve Torpey (footballer, born 1970) plays for Lincoln City F.C."
"Steve Torpey (footballer, born 1970) plays for Bradford City A.F.C."
"Steve Torpey (footballer, born 1970) plays for Notts County F.C."
"Steve Torpey (footballer, born 1970) plays for Bristol City F.C."
"Steve Torpey (footballer, born 1970) plays for Swansea City A.F.C."
"Steve Torpey (footballer, born 1970) plays for Millwall F.C."
Sander Puri was born in Tallinn
Sander Puri was born in Pärnu
Sander Puri was born in Tartu
Sander Puri was born in Lagos
Sander Puri was born in Glasgow
Sander Puri was born in London
Sander Puri was born in York
Sander Puri was born in Viljandi
Sander Puri was born in Budapest
Sander Puri was born in Kraków
Andrei Neagoe was born in Pitești
Andrei Neagoe was born in Bucharest
Andrei Neagoe was born in Râmnicu Vâlcea
Andrei Neagoe was born in Craiova
Andrei Neagoe was born in Târgoviște
Andrei Neagoe was born in Brașov
"Andrei Neagoe was born in Arad, Romania"
Andrei Neagoe was born in Fălticeni
Andrei Neagoe was born in London
Andrei Neagoe was born in Timișoara
José Manfredi Portillo Hernández is affiliated to C.D. Atlético Chaparratique
José Manfredi Portillo Hernández is affiliated to El Salvador national under-21 football team
José Manfredi Portillo Hernández is affiliated to El Salvador national under-23 football team
José Manfredi Portillo Hernández is affiliated to El Salvador national under-20 football team
José Manfredi Portillo Hernández is affiliated to C.D. Atlético Balboa
José Manfredi Portillo Hernández is affiliated to C.D. Vista Hermosa
José Manfredi Portillo Hernández is affiliated to El Salvador national football team
José Manfredi Portillo Hernández is affiliated to El Salvador national under-17 football team
José Manfredi Portillo Hernández is affiliated to C.D. Águila
José Manfredi Portillo Hernández is affiliated to C.D. Chalatenango
Albert Pape is affiliated to A.F.C. Darwen
Albert Pape is affiliated to Rotherham County F.C.
Albert Pape is affiliated to Nelson F.C.
Albert Pape is affiliated to Manchester Central F.C.
Albert Pape is affiliated to Ashton United F.C.
Albert Pape is affiliated to Rhyl F.C.
Albert Pape is affiliated to Burscough F.C.
Albert Pape is affiliated to Leigh Genesis F.C.
Albert Pape is affiliated to Manchester United F.C.
Albert Pape is affiliated to F.C. Halifax Town
Adriano Rossato has gender male
Adriano Rossato has gender female
Adriano Rossato has gender Tomsk
Adriano Rossato has gender Azerbaijan
Adriano Rossato has gender United Kingdom
Adriano Rossato has gender France
Adriano Rossato has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Adriano Rossato has gender Hong Kong
Adriano Rossato has gender Germany
Adriano Rossato has gender Africa
Erik Hamrén is affiliated to Enköpings SK
Erik Hamrén is affiliated to Vasalunds IF
Erik Hamrén is affiliated to AFC United
Erik Hamrén is affiliated to Degerfors IF
Erik Hamrén is affiliated to IF Brommapojkarna
Erik Hamrén is affiliated to Örgryte IS
Erik Hamrén is affiliated to Rosenborg BK
Erik Hamrén is affiliated to Sweden national football team
Erik Hamrén is affiliated to AIK Fotboll
Erik Hamrén is affiliated to AIK Solna
Yeh Hai Jalwa is located in India
Yeh Hai Jalwa is located in United States
Yeh Hai Jalwa is located in United Kingdom
Yeh Hai Jalwa is located in Italy
Yeh Hai Jalwa is located in France
Yeh Hai Jalwa is located in Canada
Yeh Hai Jalwa is located in Germany
Yeh Hai Jalwa is located in Japan
Yeh Hai Jalwa is located in China
Yeh Hai Jalwa is located in Hong Kong
Gregor Robertson (footballer) was born in Edinburgh
Gregor Robertson (footballer) was born in Glasgow
Gregor Robertson (footballer) was born in Nottingham
Gregor Robertson (footballer) was born in London
Gregor Robertson (footballer) was born in Sheffield
Gregor Robertson (footballer) was born in Birmingham
Gregor Robertson (footballer) was born in Bellshill
Gregor Robertson (footballer) was born in Leicester
Gregor Robertson (footballer) was born in Aberdeen
Gregor Robertson (footballer) was born in Dunfermline
"William, Duke of Saxe-Weimar died in Altenburg"
"William, Duke of Saxe-Weimar died in Paris"
"William, Duke of Saxe-Weimar died in Weimar"
"William, Duke of Saxe-Weimar died in Los Angeles"
"William, Duke of Saxe-Weimar died in New York City"
"William, Duke of Saxe-Weimar died in Munich"
"William, Duke of Saxe-Weimar died in London"
"William, Duke of Saxe-Weimar died in Neuilly-sur-Seine"
"William, Duke of Saxe-Weimar died in Rome"
"William, Duke of Saxe-Weimar died in Berlin"
Anderson Salles is affiliated to Clube Atlético Juventus
Anderson Salles is affiliated to Grêmio Barueri Futebol
Anderson Salles is affiliated to Ituano Futebol Clube
Anderson Salles is affiliated to Clube Atlético Bragantino
Anderson Salles is affiliated to Santos FC
Anderson Salles is affiliated to CR Vasco da Gama
Anderson Salles is affiliated to Santos F.C.
Anderson Salles is affiliated to Associação Portuguesa de Desportos
Anderson Salles is affiliated to Guarani Futebol Clube
Anderson Salles is affiliated to Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras
Ayden Duffy is affiliated to Grantham Town F.C.
Ayden Duffy is affiliated to Stamford A.F.C.
Ayden Duffy is affiliated to Bourne Town F.C.
Ayden Duffy is affiliated to Lincoln City F.C.
Ayden Duffy is affiliated to Worksop Town F.C.
Ayden Duffy is affiliated to Shepshed Dynamo F.C.
Ayden Duffy is affiliated to Gainsborough Trinity F.C.
Ayden Duffy is affiliated to Corby Town F.C.
Ayden Duffy is affiliated to Buxton F.C.
Ayden Duffy is affiliated to Lincoln Moorlands Railway F.C.
Hermann Joseph Muller graduated from University of Chicago
Hermann Joseph Muller graduated from Harvard University
Hermann Joseph Muller graduated from Columbia University
Hermann Joseph Muller graduated from Princeton University
"Hermann Joseph Muller graduated from University of California, Berkeley"
Hermann Joseph Muller graduated from Yale University
Hermann Joseph Muller graduated from Cornell University
Hermann Joseph Muller graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology
Hermann Joseph Muller graduated from California Institute of Technology
Hermann Joseph Muller graduated from University of Oxford
Gorka Pintado plays for Real Unión
Gorka Pintado plays for UDA Gramenet
Gorka Pintado plays for UE Figueres
Gorka Pintado plays for CA Osasuna B
Gorka Pintado plays for Granada CF
Gorka Pintado plays for AEK Larnaca F.C.
Gorka Pintado plays for Swansea City A.F.C.
Gorka Pintado plays for CD Leganés
Gorka Pintado plays for CA Osasuna
Gorka Pintado plays for Granada C.F.
Gökhan Inler is affiliated to Switzerland national football team
Gökhan Inler is affiliated to Switzerland national under-21 football team
Gökhan Inler is affiliated to FC Wangen bei Olten
Gökhan Inler is affiliated to FC Solothurn
Gökhan Inler is affiliated to FC Basel
Gökhan Inler is affiliated to FC Aarau
Gökhan Inler is affiliated to Udinese Calcio
Gökhan Inler is affiliated to S.S.C. Napoli
Gökhan Inler is affiliated to FC Zürich
Gökhan Inler is affiliated to Turkey national under-21 football team
"Mariposa County, California is located in Sierra Nevada (U.S.)"
"Mariposa County, California is located in California"
"Mariposa County, California is located in United States"
"Mariposa County, California is located in Mariposa County, California"
"Mariposa County, California is located in San Francisco Bay Area"
"Mariposa County, California is located in Los Angeles County, California"
"Mariposa County, California is located in Sacramento metropolitan area"
"Mariposa County, California is located in Sacramento Valley"
"Mariposa County, California is located in Canada"
"Mariposa County, California is located in Tuolumne County, California"
Steve Harper is affiliated to Seaham Red Star F.C.
Steve Harper is affiliated to Hartlepool United F.C.
Steve Harper is affiliated to Gateshead F.C.
Steve Harper is affiliated to Huddersfield Town F.C.
Steve Harper is affiliated to Newcastle United F.C.
Steve Harper is affiliated to Hull City A.F.C.
Steve Harper is affiliated to Stockport County F.C.
Steve Harper is affiliated to Bradford City A.F.C.
Steve Harper is affiliated to Brighton & Hove Albion F.C.
Steve Harper is affiliated to Darlington F.C.
Ryuji Sueoka is affiliated to Albirex Niigata Singapore FC
Ryuji Sueoka is affiliated to Salgaocar F.C.
Ryuji Sueoka is affiliated to East Bengal F.C.
Ryuji Sueoka is affiliated to Dempo S.C.
Ryuji Sueoka is affiliated to Mohun Bagan A.C.
Ryuji Sueoka is affiliated to Geylang International FC
Ryuji Sueoka is affiliated to Balestier Khalsa FC
Ryuji Sueoka is affiliated to Bangkok United F.C.
Ryuji Sueoka is affiliated to Albirex Niigata
Ryuji Sueoka is affiliated to Warriors F.C.
Viktor Papayev plays for FC Sokol Saratov
Viktor Papayev plays for FC Fakel Voronezh
Viktor Papayev plays for Soviet Union national football team
Viktor Papayev plays for PFC CSKA Moscow
Viktor Papayev plays for FC Spartak Moscow
Viktor Papayev plays for FC Znamya Truda Orekhovo-Zuyevo
Viktor Papayev plays for Spartak Moscow
Viktor Papayev plays for FC Torpedo Moscow
Viktor Papayev plays for Russia national football team
Viktor Papayev plays for FC Lokomotiv Moscow
Renan Marques plays for Sichuan FC
Renan Marques plays for Chiangrai United F.C.
Renan Marques plays for Shenzhen Ruby F.C.
Renan Marques plays for Baniyas SC
Renan Marques plays for América Futebol Clube (RN)
Renan Marques plays for Paulista Futebol Clube
Renan Marques plays for SK Dynamo České Budějovice
Renan Marques plays for Jeju United FC
Renan Marques plays for Botafogo Futebol Clube (SP)
Renan Marques plays for C.D. Santa Clara
Behshad Yavarzadeh is affiliated to Tarbiat Yazd F.C.
Behshad Yavarzadeh is affiliated to Paykan F.C.
Behshad Yavarzadeh is affiliated to Steel Azin F.C.
Behshad Yavarzadeh is affiliated to Iran national under-23 football team
Behshad Yavarzadeh is affiliated to FK DAC 1904 Dunajská Streda
Behshad Yavarzadeh is affiliated to Esteghlal F.C.
Behshad Yavarzadeh is affiliated to Rah Ahan Sorinet F.C.
Behshad Yavarzadeh is affiliated to Iran national football team
Behshad Yavarzadeh is affiliated to Persepolis F.C.
Behshad Yavarzadeh is affiliated to Saipa F.C.
Hawk of the Wilderness is located in United States
Hawk of the Wilderness is located in United Kingdom
Hawk of the Wilderness is located in India
Hawk of the Wilderness is located in France
Hawk of the Wilderness is located in Germany
Hawk of the Wilderness is located in Italy
Hawk of the Wilderness is located in Canada
Hawk of the Wilderness is located in China
Hawk of the Wilderness is located in Spain
Hawk of the Wilderness is located in Japan
Marc Smyth is affiliated to Glenafton Athletic F.C.
Marc Smyth is affiliated to Airdrieonians F.C.
Marc Smyth is affiliated to Ayr United F.C.
Marc Smyth is affiliated to Partick Thistle F.C.
Marc Smyth is affiliated to Greenock Morton F.C.
Marc Smyth is affiliated to Cliftonville F.C.
Marc Smyth is affiliated to Blackpool F.C.
Marc Smyth is affiliated to Celtic F.C.
Marc Smyth is affiliated to Heart of Midlothian F.C.
Marc Smyth is affiliated to Hamilton Academical F.C.
Srdjan Luchin plays for FC Politehnica II Timișoara
Srdjan Luchin plays for FC Politehnica Timișoara
Srdjan Luchin plays for Romania national under-21 football team
Srdjan Luchin plays for PFC Botev Plovdiv
Srdjan Luchin plays for FC Dinamo București
Srdjan Luchin plays for Romania national football team
Srdjan Luchin plays for Romania national under-19 football team
Srdjan Luchin plays for FC CFR Timișoara
Srdjan Luchin plays for FC Steaua București
Srdjan Luchin plays for Romania national under-17 football team
Robbie Foy has gender male
Robbie Foy has gender female
Robbie Foy has gender Brazil
Robbie Foy has gender United Kingdom
Robbie Foy has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Robbie Foy has gender South Korea
Robbie Foy has gender United States
Robbie Foy has gender Costa Rica
Robbie Foy has gender Tomsk
Robbie Foy has gender France
Kiril Djorov plays for PFC Minyor Pernik
Kiril Djorov plays for PFC Lokomotiv Mezdra
Kiril Djorov plays for FC Vihren Sandanski
Kiril Djorov plays for PFC Rodopa Smolyan
Kiril Djorov plays for FC Metalurg Pernik
Kiril Djorov plays for PFC Cherno More Varna
Kiril Djorov plays for Floriana F.C.
Kiril Djorov plays for PFC Slavia Sofia
Kiril Djorov plays for PFC CSKA Sofia
Kiril Djorov plays for PFC Levski Sofia
Oliver Schröder is affiliated to FC Spandau 06
Oliver Schröder is affiliated to Füchse Berlin Reinickendorf
Oliver Schröder is affiliated to Hertha BSC II
Oliver Schröder is affiliated to Hertha BSC
Oliver Schröder is affiliated to F.C. Hansa Rostock
Oliver Schröder is affiliated to FC Erzgebirge Aue
Oliver Schröder is affiliated to Hansa Rostock
Oliver Schröder is affiliated to VfL Bochum
Oliver Schröder is affiliated to 1. FC Cologne
Oliver Schröder is affiliated to 1. FC Köln
Juan Carlos Heredia plays for Talleres de Córdoba
Juan Carlos Heredia plays for Elche CF
Juan Carlos Heredia plays for Club Atlético River Plate
Juan Carlos Heredia plays for Club Atlético Belgrano
Juan Carlos Heredia plays for Rosario Central
Juan Carlos Heredia plays for FC Barcelona
Juan Carlos Heredia plays for Argentinos Juniors
Juan Carlos Heredia plays for F.C. Porto
Juan Carlos Heredia plays for Spain national football team
Juan Carlos Heredia plays for Elche C.F.
Ben Harding plays for Aldershot Town F.C.
Ben Harding plays for Milton Keynes Dons F.C.
Ben Harding plays for Forest Green Rovers F.C.
Ben Harding plays for Wycombe Wanderers F.C.
Ben Harding plays for Grays Athletic F.C.
Ben Harding plays for England national football C team
Ben Harding plays for Wimbledon F.C.
Ben Harding plays for Northampton Town F.C.
Ben Harding plays for Torquay United F.C.
Ben Harding plays for Stevenage F.C.
Balázs Dzsudzsák plays for Hungary national under-19 football team
Balázs Dzsudzsák plays for Hungary national under-17 football team
Balázs Dzsudzsák plays for FC Dynamo Moscow
Balázs Dzsudzsák plays for PSV Eindhoven
Balázs Dzsudzsák plays for Debreceni VSC
Balázs Dzsudzsák plays for FC Anzhi Makhachkala
Balázs Dzsudzsák plays for F.C. Dynamo Moscow
Balázs Dzsudzsák plays for P.S.V. Eindhoven
Balázs Dzsudzsák plays for Hungary national football team
Balázs Dzsudzsák plays for Hungary national under-21 football team
Francesco Statuto is affiliated to F.C. Casertana
Francesco Statuto is affiliated to Udinese Calcio
Francesco Statuto is affiliated to A.S. Roma
Francesco Statuto is affiliated to Calcio Padova
Francesco Statuto is affiliated to S.S.D. Piacenza Calcio 1919
Francesco Statuto is affiliated to Torino F.C.
Francesco Statuto is affiliated to Cosenza Calcio
Francesco Statuto is affiliated to Torino F.C. 1906
Francesco Statuto is affiliated to Piacenza Calcio
Francesco Statuto is affiliated to Ascoli Calcio 1898
Zagreb Airport is connected to Munich Airport
Zagreb Airport is connected to Zadar Airport
Zagreb Airport is connected to Sarajevo International Airport
Zagreb Airport is connected to Brussels Airport
Zagreb Airport is connected to Hamburg Airport
Zagreb Airport is connected to Split Airport
Zagreb Airport is connected to Rijeka Airport
Zagreb Airport is connected to Ben Gurion Airport
Zagreb Airport is connected to Pula Airport
Zagreb Airport is connected to Pristina International Airport
Ioannis Okkas plays for Anorthosis Famagusta FC
Ioannis Okkas plays for Ermis Aradippou
Ioannis Okkas plays for Nea Salamis Famagusta FC
Ioannis Okkas plays for Cyprus national football team
Ioannis Okkas plays for AEK Athens F.C.
Ioannis Okkas plays for PAOK FC
Ioannis Okkas plays for Olympiacos F.C.
Ioannis Okkas plays for AC Omonia
Ioannis Okkas plays for Celta de Vigo
Ioannis Okkas plays for A.E.K. Athens F.C.
Christian Panucci is affiliated to Inter Milan
Christian Panucci is affiliated to Parma F.C.
Christian Panucci is affiliated to A.S. Roma
Christian Panucci is affiliated to A.C. Milan
Christian Panucci is affiliated to Genoa C.F.C.
Christian Panucci is affiliated to Italy national football team
Christian Panucci is affiliated to AS Monaco FC
Christian Panucci is affiliated to A.S. Monaco F.C.
Christian Panucci is affiliated to Real Madrid C.F.
Christian Panucci is affiliated to Italy national under-21 football team
Oleksiy Tupchiy is affiliated to FC Vitebsk
Oleksiy Tupchiy is affiliated to FC Dnepr Mogilev
Oleksiy Tupchiy is affiliated to FC Belshina Bobruisk
Oleksiy Tupchiy is affiliated to FC Shakhtyor Salihorsk
Oleksiy Tupchiy is affiliated to FC Gomel
Oleksiy Tupchiy is affiliated to Belarus national football team
Oleksiy Tupchiy is affiliated to FC Slavia-Mozyr
Oleksiy Tupchiy is affiliated to FC Naftan Novopolotsk
Oleksiy Tupchiy is affiliated to FC Dinamo Minsk
Oleksiy Tupchiy is affiliated to FC Torpedo-BelAZ Zhodino
Andrés Felipe Acosta is affiliated to Fortaleza F.C.
Andrés Felipe Acosta is affiliated to Alianza Petrolera
Andrés Felipe Acosta is affiliated to Llaneros F.C.
Andrés Felipe Acosta is affiliated to Independiente Santa Fe
Andrés Felipe Acosta is affiliated to Millonarios Fútbol Club
Andrés Felipe Acosta is affiliated to Colombia national football team
Andrés Felipe Acosta is affiliated to La Equidad
Andrés Felipe Acosta is affiliated to América de Cali
Andrés Felipe Acosta is affiliated to Cortuluá
Andrés Felipe Acosta is affiliated to Once Caldas
Thomas Winklhofer is affiliated to F.C. Red Bull Salzburg
Thomas Winklhofer is affiliated to FC Swarovski Tirol
Thomas Winklhofer is affiliated to FC Red Bull Salzburg
Thomas Winklhofer is affiliated to 1. FC Saarbrücken
Thomas Winklhofer is affiliated to 1.F.C. Saarbrücken
Thomas Winklhofer is affiliated to WSG Wattens
Thomas Winklhofer is affiliated to SV Austria Salzburg
Thomas Winklhofer is affiliated to Austria national football team
Thomas Winklhofer is affiliated to Sportverein Austria Salzburg
Thomas Winklhofer is affiliated to FC Wacker Innsbruck
Laos deals with Laos
Laos deals with China
Laos deals with Cambodia
Laos deals with Thailand
Laos deals with Vietnam
Laos deals with Burma
Laos deals with France
Laos deals with Malaysia
Laos deals with Japan
Laos deals with South Korea
"Alta, Norway is located in Finnmark"
"Alta, Norway is located in Norway"
"Alta, Norway is located in United States"
"Alta, Norway is located in Northern Norway"
"Alta, Norway is located in Europe"
"Alta, Norway is located in Poland"
"Alta, Norway is located in East Norway"
"Alta, Norway is located in France"
"Alta, Norway is located in Sweden"
"Alta, Norway is located in United Kingdom"
Giorgio Lucenti plays for Frosinone Calcio
Giorgio Lucenti plays for S.S.D. Piacenza Calcio 1919
Giorgio Lucenti plays for Mantova F.C.
Giorgio Lucenti plays for Calcio Catania
Giorgio Lucenti plays for Cagliari Calcio
Giorgio Lucenti plays for S.S.C. Napoli
Giorgio Lucenti plays for U.S. Città di Palermo
Giorgio Lucenti plays for Empoli F.C.
Giorgio Lucenti plays for A.S.D. Ragusa Calcio
Giorgio Lucenti plays for A.S. Roma
Gocha Jamarauli plays for Dinamo Tbilisi
Gocha Jamarauli plays for FC Dinamo Tbilisi
Gocha Jamarauli plays for Georgia national football team
Gocha Jamarauli plays for FC Alania Vladikavkaz
Gocha Jamarauli plays for FC Luzern
Gocha Jamarauli plays for FC Metalurh Donetsk
Gocha Jamarauli plays for Trabzonspor
Gocha Jamarauli plays for FC Zürich
Gocha Jamarauli plays for Anorthosis Famagusta FC
Gocha Jamarauli plays for Georgia national under-21 football team
Philip Bratley plays for Rotherham County F.C.
Philip Bratley plays for Rotherham Town F.C.
Philip Bratley plays for Worksop Town F.C.
Philip Bratley plays for Barnsley F.C.
Philip Bratley plays for Liverpool F.C.
Philip Bratley plays for Doncaster Rovers F.C.
Philip Bratley plays for Sheffield Wednesday F.C.
Philip Bratley plays for Sheffield United F.C.
Philip Bratley plays for Huddersfield Town F.C.
Philip Bratley plays for England national football team
Cosmin Frăsinescu is affiliated to FC Forex Brașov
Cosmin Frăsinescu is affiliated to CS Universitatea Craiova (football)
Cosmin Frăsinescu is affiliated to ACF Gloria Bistrița
Cosmin Frăsinescu is affiliated to FCM Baia Mare
Cosmin Frăsinescu is affiliated to CS Gaz Metan Mediaș
Cosmin Frăsinescu is affiliated to Khazar Lankaran FK
Cosmin Frăsinescu is affiliated to FC Dinamo București
Cosmin Frăsinescu is affiliated to ASA Târgu Mureș (2013)
Cosmin Frăsinescu is affiliated to Romania national football team
Cosmin Frăsinescu is affiliated to FC Oțelul Galați
Pavel Nyakhaychyk is affiliated to Belarus national under-23 football team
Pavel Nyakhaychyk is affiliated to Belarus national under-21 football team
Pavel Nyakhaychyk is affiliated to FC BATE Borisov
Pavel Nyakhaychyk is affiliated to Belarus national football team
Pavel Nyakhaychyk is affiliated to F.C. Dynamo Moscow
Pavel Nyakhaychyk is affiliated to FC Dynamo Moscow
Pavel Nyakhaychyk is affiliated to FC Tom Tomsk
Pavel Nyakhaychyk is affiliated to FC Dinamo Minsk
Pavel Nyakhaychyk is affiliated to FC Minsk-2
Pavel Nyakhaychyk is affiliated to FC Torpedo-BelAZ Zhodino
Arsène Né plays for ASEC Mimosas
Arsène Né plays for K.A.S. Eupen
Arsène Né plays for Beerschot AC
Arsène Né plays for FC Metalurh Donetsk
Arsène Né plays for K.S.K. Beveren
Arsène Né plays for fr/KS Kermt-Hasselt
Arsène Né plays for Académie de Sol Beni
Arsène Né plays for Ivory Coast national football team
Arsène Né plays for K.R.C. Genk
Arsène Né plays for R.S.C. Anderlecht
Marvin Martin has gender male
Marvin Martin has gender female
Marvin Martin has gender Tomsk
Marvin Martin has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Marvin Martin has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Marvin Martin has gender London Heathrow Terminal 3
Marvin Martin has gender Democratic Party (United States)
Marvin Martin has gender All-India Muslim League
Marvin Martin has gender Azerbaijan
Marvin Martin has gender wordnet electronics 106099269
Markus Kaya was born in Berlin
Markus Kaya was born in Essen
Markus Kaya was born in Oberhausen
Markus Kaya was born in Gelsenkirchen
Markus Kaya was born in West Berlin
Markus Kaya was born in Wuppertal
Markus Kaya was born in Duisburg
Markus Kaya was born in Cologne
Markus Kaya was born in Mülheim
Markus Kaya was born in Düsseldorf
Peter Hoyt Brown is married to Anne Brown
Peter Hoyt Brown is married to Peter Hoyt Brown
Peter Hoyt Brown is married to Ted Cruz
Peter Hoyt Brown is married to John Cornyn
Peter Hoyt Brown is married to Barbara Bush
Peter Hoyt Brown is married to Michelle Obama
Peter Hoyt Brown is married to Kathleen Harrison
Peter Hoyt Brown is married to Brooke Shields
Peter Hoyt Brown is married to Hilary Duff
Peter Hoyt Brown is married to Richard C. Blum
"Bergen Airport, Flesland is connected to Gran Canaria Airport"
"Bergen Airport, Flesland is connected to Trondheim Airport, Værnes"
"Bergen Airport, Flesland is connected to Stavanger Airport, Sola"
"Bergen Airport, Flesland is connected to Gdańsk Lech Wałęsa Airport"
"Bergen Airport, Flesland is connected to Tromsø Airport"
"Bergen Airport, Flesland is connected to Sandefjord Airport, Torp"
"Bergen Airport, Flesland is connected to Keflavík International Airport"
"Bergen Airport, Flesland is connected to Split Airport"
"Bergen Airport, Flesland is connected to Billund Airport"
"Bergen Airport, Flesland is connected to Tenerife South Airport"
CSKA Moscow is located in Moscow
CSKA Moscow is located in Athens
CSKA Moscow is located in Russia
CSKA Moscow is located in Italy
CSKA Moscow is located in Istanbul
CSKA Moscow is located in North Rhine-Westphalia
CSKA Moscow is located in Ukraine
CSKA Moscow is located in Kaunas
CSKA Moscow is located in Vladivostok
CSKA Moscow is located in Perm
Thirteen Women is located in United States
Thirteen Women is located in United Kingdom
Thirteen Women is located in India
Thirteen Women is located in France
Thirteen Women is located in Germany
Thirteen Women is located in Italy
Thirteen Women is located in Canada
Thirteen Women is located in Japan
Thirteen Women is located in China
Thirteen Women is located in West Germany
Felixstowe is located in Suffolk Coastal
Felixstowe is located in IP postcode area
Felixstowe is located in Suffolk
Felixstowe is located in East of England
Felixstowe is located in United States
Felixstowe is located in Waveney
Felixstowe is located in Felixstowe
Felixstowe is located in England
Felixstowe is located in United Kingdom
Felixstowe is located in Mid Suffolk
Georgy Flyorov has gender male
Georgy Flyorov has gender female
Georgy Flyorov has gender United Kingdom
Georgy Flyorov has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Georgy Flyorov has gender South Korea
Georgy Flyorov has gender France
Georgy Flyorov has gender Socialist Party of Serbia
Georgy Flyorov has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Georgy Flyorov has gender United States
Georgy Flyorov has gender Turkey
Jonas Troest plays for Boldklubben af 1893
Jonas Troest plays for SønderjyskE
Jonas Troest plays for Odense Boldklub
Jonas Troest plays for Denmark national under-21 football team
Jonas Troest plays for Silkeborg IF
Jonas Troest plays for Hannover 96
Jonas Troest plays for Denmark national football team
Jonas Troest plays for fr/SønderjyskE (football)
Jonas Troest plays for Esbjerg fB
Jonas Troest plays for Vejle Boldklub
Kingsley Udoh plays for Nigeria national under-20 football team
Kingsley Udoh plays for Nigeria national under-17 football team
Kingsley Udoh plays for Akwa United F.C.
Kingsley Udoh plays for Nigeria national under-23 football team
Kingsley Udoh plays for Kano Pillars F.C.
Kingsley Udoh plays for Nigeria national football team
Kingsley Udoh plays for Heartland F.C.
Kingsley Udoh plays for Enyimba International F.C.
Kingsley Udoh plays for Shooting Stars SC
Kingsley Udoh plays for Bendel Insurance F.C.
Antonello Cuccureddu plays for S.E.F. Torres 1903
Antonello Cuccureddu plays for ACF Fiorentina
Antonello Cuccureddu plays for A.S.D. S.E.F. Torres 1903
Antonello Cuccureddu plays for Juventus F.C.
Antonello Cuccureddu plays for Brescia Calcio
Antonello Cuccureddu plays for Italy national football team
Antonello Cuccureddu plays for Novara Calcio
Antonello Cuccureddu plays for Pol. Alghero
Antonello Cuccureddu plays for Delfino Pescara 1936
Antonello Cuccureddu plays for S.S.D. Acireale Calcio 1946
John Beattie (footballer) is affiliated to Blackburn Rovers F.C.
John Beattie (footballer) is affiliated to Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C.
John Beattie (footballer) is affiliated to Huddersfield Town F.C.
John Beattie (footballer) is affiliated to Birmingham City F.C.
John Beattie (footballer) is affiliated to Grimsby Town F.C.
John Beattie (footballer) is affiliated to Aberdeen F.C.
John Beattie (footballer) is affiliated to Walsall F.C.
John Beattie (footballer) is affiliated to Blackpool F.C.
John Beattie (footballer) is affiliated to Sheffield United F.C.
John Beattie (footballer) is affiliated to Manchester United F.C.
Vanja Grubač is affiliated to FK Sutjeska Nikšić
Vanja Grubač is affiliated to Digenis Akritas Morphou
Vanja Grubač is affiliated to Pierikos F.C.
Vanja Grubač is affiliated to Erzurumspor
Vanja Grubač is affiliated to OFK Beograd
Vanja Grubač is affiliated to Le Havre AC
Vanja Grubač is affiliated to Hamburger SV
Vanja Grubač is affiliated to S.C. Braga
Vanja Grubač is affiliated to Le Havre A.C.
Vanja Grubač is affiliated to O.F.K. Beograd
Jan Cios is affiliated to Świt Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki
Jan Cios is affiliated to Arka Gdynia
Jan Cios is affiliated to Górnik Zabrze
Jan Cios is affiliated to Kmita Zabierzów
Jan Cios is affiliated to Stal Stalowa Wola
Jan Cios is affiliated to Hetman Zamość
Jan Cios is affiliated to Narew Ostrołęka
Jan Cios is affiliated to Sandecja Nowy Sącz
Jan Cios is affiliated to Odra Wodzisław
Jan Cios is affiliated to Kolejarz Stróże
Gavin Williams is affiliated to Merthyr Town F.C.
Gavin Williams is affiliated to Bristol City F.C.
Gavin Williams is affiliated to Yeovil Town F.C.
Gavin Williams is affiliated to Bristol Rovers F.C.
Gavin Williams is affiliated to Woking F.C.
Gavin Williams is affiliated to West Ham United F.C.
Gavin Williams is affiliated to Ipswich Town F.C.
Gavin Williams is affiliated to Wales national semi-professional football team
Gavin Williams is affiliated to Wales national football team
Gavin Williams is affiliated to Hereford United F.C.
Howard Wilkinson plays for Hallam F.C.
Howard Wilkinson plays for Sheffield Wednesday F.C.
Howard Wilkinson plays for Boston United F.C.
Howard Wilkinson plays for Brighton & Hove Albion F.C.
Howard Wilkinson plays for Sheffield United F.C.
Howard Wilkinson plays for England national under-21 football team
Howard Wilkinson plays for England national football team
Howard Wilkinson plays for Sunderland A.F.C.
Howard Wilkinson plays for Nottingham Forest F.C.
Howard Wilkinson plays for Leeds United A.F.C.
Ignacio Piatti is affiliated to San Lorenzo de Almagro
Ignacio Piatti is affiliated to Club de Gimnasia y Esgrima La Plata
Ignacio Piatti is affiliated to Chacarita Juniors
Ignacio Piatti is affiliated to Club Atlético Independiente
Ignacio Piatti is affiliated to U.S. Lecce
Ignacio Piatti is affiliated to C.A. San Lorenzo de Almagro
Ignacio Piatti is affiliated to AS Saint-Étienne
Ignacio Piatti is affiliated to A.S. Saint-Étienne
Ignacio Piatti is affiliated to Argentina national football team
Ignacio Piatti is affiliated to C.A. Independiente
South Carolina has capital South Carolina
"South Carolina has capital Columbia, South Carolina"
South Carolina has capital Charleston (South Carolina)
"South Carolina has capital Greenville County, South Carolina"
"South Carolina has capital Charleston County, South Carolina"
"South Carolina has capital Berkeley County, South Carolina"
"South Carolina has capital North Charleston, South Carolina"
South Carolina has capital Columbia (South Carolina)
"South Carolina has capital Horry County, South Carolina"
"South Carolina has capital Conway, South Carolina"
Deon Thomas has gender male
Deon Thomas has gender female
Deon Thomas has gender United Kingdom
Deon Thomas has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Deon Thomas has gender wordnet chemical 114806838
Deon Thomas has gender Tomsk
Deon Thomas has gender London Heathrow Terminal 3
Deon Thomas has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Deon Thomas has gender wordnet machinery 103701640
Deon Thomas has gender South Korea
Dimitrije Injac is affiliated to OFK Kikinda
Dimitrije Injac is affiliated to FK Slavija
Dimitrije Injac is affiliated to FK Vojvodina
Dimitrije Injac is affiliated to FK Bečej
Dimitrije Injac is affiliated to F.K. Vojvodina
Dimitrije Injac is affiliated to Polonia Warsaw
Dimitrije Injac is affiliated to Serbia national football team
Dimitrije Injac is affiliated to Lech Poznań
Dimitrije Injac is affiliated to Red Star Belgrade
Dimitrije Injac is affiliated to Serbia national under-21 football team
Enio Novoa plays for Coronel Bolognesi
Enio Novoa plays for Unión Comercio
Enio Novoa plays for FBC Melgar
Enio Novoa plays for Sporting Cristal
Enio Novoa plays for Sport Huancayo
Enio Novoa plays for Club Universitario de Deportes
Enio Novoa plays for Peru national football team
Enio Novoa plays for Cienciano
Enio Novoa plays for Sport Boys
Enio Novoa plays for Alianza Atlético
Miltiadis Sapanis plays for Naoussa F.C.
Miltiadis Sapanis plays for Agrotikos Asteras F.C.
Miltiadis Sapanis plays for Greece national under-23 football team
Miltiadis Sapanis plays for Thrasyvoulos F.C.
Miltiadis Sapanis plays for Kavala F.C.
Miltiadis Sapanis plays for Ionikos F.C.
Miltiadis Sapanis plays for Iraklis Thessaloniki F.C.
Miltiadis Sapanis plays for Paniliakos F.C.
Miltiadis Sapanis plays for APOEL FC
Miltiadis Sapanis plays for Panathinaikos F.C.
Hrvoje Vejić plays for NK Primorac 1929
Hrvoje Vejić plays for HNK Hajduk Split
Hrvoje Vejić plays for NK Zagreb
Hrvoje Vejić plays for FC Tom Tomsk
Hrvoje Vejić plays for H.N.K. Hajduk Split
Hrvoje Vejić plays for Croatia national football team
Hrvoje Vejić plays for Croatia national under-21 football team
Hrvoje Vejić plays for N.K. Zagreb
Hrvoje Vejić plays for HNK Rijeka
Hrvoje Vejić plays for GNK Dinamo Zagreb
Douglas Alexander Graham has won prize Distinguished Service Order
Douglas Alexander Graham has won prize Croix de guerre
Douglas Alexander Graham has won prize Order of St. Olav
Douglas Alexander Graham has won prize Order of the British Empire
Douglas Alexander Graham has won prize Order of the Bath
Douglas Alexander Graham has won prize Legion of Honour
Douglas Alexander Graham has won prize Military Cross
Douglas Alexander Graham has won prize Legion of Merit
Douglas Alexander Graham has won prize Mentioned in dispatches
Douglas Alexander Graham has won prize Royal Victorian Order
Martin Ericsson is affiliated to IK Brage
Martin Ericsson is affiliated to BK Häcken
Martin Ericsson is affiliated to IFK Göteborg
Martin Ericsson is affiliated to AaB Fodbold
Martin Ericsson is affiliated to IF Elfsborg
Martin Ericsson is affiliated to Sweden national football team
Martin Ericsson is affiliated to Brøndby IF
Martin Ericsson is affiliated to Sweden national under-21 football team
Martin Ericsson is affiliated to Aalborg Boldspilklub
Martin Ericsson is affiliated to F.C. Copenhagen
Aubrey Powell (footballer) plays for Leeds United A.F.C.
Aubrey Powell (footballer) plays for Birmingham City F.C.
Aubrey Powell (footballer) plays for Everton F.C.
Aubrey Powell (footballer) plays for Swansea City A.F.C.
Aubrey Powell (footballer) plays for Wales national football team
Aubrey Powell (footballer) plays for Cardiff City F.C.
Aubrey Powell (footballer) plays for Huddersfield Town F.C.
Aubrey Powell (footballer) plays for England national football team
Aubrey Powell (footballer) plays for Doncaster Rovers F.C.
Aubrey Powell (footballer) plays for England national under-21 football team
Charles Asampong Taylor is affiliated to Great Olympics
Charles Asampong Taylor is affiliated to Berekum Chelsea F.C.
Charles Asampong Taylor is affiliated to Asante Kotoko SC
Charles Asampong Taylor is affiliated to Accra Hearts of Oak SC
Charles Asampong Taylor is affiliated to Enugu Rangers
Charles Asampong Taylor is affiliated to Ghana national football team
Charles Asampong Taylor is affiliated to Étoile du Sahel
Charles Asampong Taylor is affiliated to Ghana national under-17 football team
Charles Asampong Taylor is affiliated to Ghana national under-23 football team
Charles Asampong Taylor is affiliated to Ghana national under-20 football team
Beáta Siti plays for Hungary women's national handball team
Beáta Siti plays for Fehérvár KC
Beáta Siti plays for Dunaújvárosi NKS
Beáta Siti plays for FC Midtjylland Håndbold
Beáta Siti plays for Győri Audi ETO KC
Beáta Siti plays for RK Krim
Beáta Siti plays for Ferencvárosi TC (women's handball)
Beáta Siti plays for Aalborg DH
Beáta Siti plays for Vasas SC (women's handball)
Beáta Siti plays for FCK Håndbold
Krisztián Zahorecz is affiliated to Szolnoki MÁV FC
Krisztián Zahorecz is affiliated to Kecskeméti TE
Krisztián Zahorecz is affiliated to Egri FC
Krisztián Zahorecz is affiliated to Bajai LSE
Krisztián Zahorecz is affiliated to Kaposvári Rákóczi FC
Krisztián Zahorecz is affiliated to Debreceni VSC
Krisztián Zahorecz is affiliated to Vasas SC
Krisztián Zahorecz is affiliated to Diósgyőri VTK
Krisztián Zahorecz is affiliated to Budapest Honvéd FC
Krisztián Zahorecz is affiliated to Újpest FC
Vladimir Burduli plays for FC Norchi Dinamo Tbilisi
Vladimir Burduli plays for SC Tavriya Simferopol
Vladimir Burduli plays for FC Dinamo Tbilisi
Vladimir Burduli plays for FC Lokomotivi Tbilisi
Vladimir Burduli plays for FC Zorya Luhansk
Vladimir Burduli plays for FC Hoverla Uzhhorod
Vladimir Burduli plays for FC Kryvbas Kryvyi Rih
Vladimir Burduli plays for FC Alania Vladikavkaz
Vladimir Burduli plays for Georgia national football team
Vladimir Burduli plays for S.K. Tavriya Simferopol
René Botteron plays for 1. FC Nürnberg
René Botteron plays for FC Zürich
René Botteron plays for 1. FC Köln
René Botteron plays for Standard Liège
René Botteron plays for FC Basel
René Botteron plays for 1. FC Nuremberg
René Botteron plays for Switzerland national football team
René Botteron plays for 1. FC Cologne
René Botteron plays for Grasshopper Club Zürich
René Botteron plays for FC Aarau
René Bot plays for AGOVV Apeldoorn
René Bot plays for De Graafschap
René Bot plays for SC Telstar
René Bot plays for Feyenoord
René Bot plays for Netherlands national football team
René Bot plays for HFC Haarlem
René Bot plays for S.B.V. Excelsior
René Bot plays for ADO Den Haag
René Bot plays for Go Ahead Eagles
René Bot plays for Heracles Almelo
Vince Bartram plays for A.F.C. Bournemouth
Vince Bartram plays for Cheltenham Town F.C.
Vince Bartram plays for Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C.
Vince Bartram plays for West Bromwich Albion F.C.
Vince Bartram plays for Huddersfield Town F.C.
Vince Bartram plays for Gillingham F.C.
Vince Bartram plays for Arsenal F.C.
Vince Bartram plays for Southampton F.C.
Vince Bartram plays for Blackpool F.C.
Vince Bartram plays for Birmingham City F.C.
Jimmy Ross (footballer born 1866) is affiliated to St Bernard's F.C.
Jimmy Ross (footballer born 1866) is affiliated to Scotland national football team
Jimmy Ross (footballer born 1866) is affiliated to Burnley F.C.
Jimmy Ross (footballer born 1866) is affiliated to Preston North End F.C.
Jimmy Ross (footballer born 1866) is affiliated to Liverpool F.C.
Jimmy Ross (footballer born 1866) is affiliated to Manchester City F.C.
Jimmy Ross (footballer born 1866) is affiliated to Rangers F.C.
Jimmy Ross (footballer born 1866) is affiliated to Everton F.C.
Jimmy Ross (footballer born 1866) is affiliated to England national football team
Jimmy Ross (footballer born 1866) is affiliated to Sunderland A.F.C.
Hambleton is located in North Yorkshire
Hambleton is located in United Kingdom
Hambleton is located in United States
Hambleton is located in England
Hambleton is located in Hambleton
Hambleton is located in Yorkshire
Hambleton is located in Canada
Hambleton is located in Northallerton
Hambleton is located in Europe
Hambleton is located in France
Salaheddine Bassir is affiliated to Raja Casablanca
Salaheddine Bassir is affiliated to Aris Thessaloniki F.C.
Salaheddine Bassir is affiliated to Morocco national football team
Salaheddine Bassir is affiliated to R.C. Deportivo de La Coruña
Salaheddine Bassir is affiliated to Al-Hilal FC
Salaheddine Bassir is affiliated to Deportivo de La Coruña
Salaheddine Bassir is affiliated to Lille OSC
Salaheddine Bassir is affiliated to Aris F.C. (Thessaloniki)
Salaheddine Bassir is affiliated to Wydad Casablanca
Salaheddine Bassir is affiliated to Lille O.S.C.
Frederic Calland Williams works at University of Oxford
Frederic Calland Williams works at University of Manchester
Frederic Calland Williams works at University of Cambridge
Frederic Calland Williams works at University College London
Frederic Calland Williams works at Victoria University of Manchester
Frederic Calland Williams works at University of Edinburgh
Frederic Calland Williams works at University of Liverpool
Frederic Calland Williams works at University of Birmingham
Frederic Calland Williams works at Imperial College London
Frederic Calland Williams works at King's College London
Diogo Andrade has gender male
Diogo Andrade has gender female
Diogo Andrade has gender Tomsk
Diogo Andrade has gender United Kingdom
Diogo Andrade has gender César Award
Diogo Andrade has gender Azerbaijan
Diogo Andrade has gender Hong Kong
Diogo Andrade has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Diogo Andrade has gender Germany
Diogo Andrade has gender United States
Rapid City Regional Airport is connected to Phoenix–Mesa Gateway Airport
Rapid City Regional Airport is connected to Minneapolis–Saint Paul International Airport
Rapid City Regional Airport is connected to Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport
Rapid City Regional Airport is connected to Salt Lake City International Airport
Rapid City Regional Airport is connected to McCarran International Airport
Rapid City Regional Airport is connected to George Bush Intercontinental Airport
Rapid City Regional Airport is connected to Denver International Airport
Rapid City Regional Airport is connected to Los Angeles International Airport
Rapid City Regional Airport is connected to O'Hare International Airport
Rapid City Regional Airport is connected to Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport
Komtoèga Department is located in Boulgou Province
Komtoèga Department is located in Burkina Faso
Komtoèga Department is located in Centre-Est Region
Komtoèga Department is located in United States
Komtoèga Department is located in Centre-Nord Region
Komtoèga Department is located in Comoé Province
Komtoèga Department is located in Boucle du Mouhoun Region
Komtoèga Department is located in Iran
Komtoèga Department is located in Poland
Komtoèga Department is located in Boulkiemdé Province
Frédéric Chassot plays for SC Young Fellows Juventus
Frédéric Chassot plays for Switzerland national football team
Frédéric Chassot plays for FC Zürich
Frédéric Chassot plays for FC Aarau
Frédéric Chassot plays for FC Basel
Frédéric Chassot plays for Neuchâtel Xamax
Frédéric Chassot plays for FC Lausanne-Sport
Frédéric Chassot plays for FC Sion
Frédéric Chassot plays for Grasshopper Club Zürich
Frédéric Chassot plays for Switzerland national under-21 football team
Brian Borrows is affiliated to Everton F.C.
Brian Borrows is affiliated to Bristol City F.C.
Brian Borrows is affiliated to Coventry City F.C.
Brian Borrows is affiliated to Swindon Town F.C.
Brian Borrows is affiliated to Bolton Wanderers F.C.
Brian Borrows is affiliated to England national under-21 football team
Brian Borrows is affiliated to Birmingham City F.C.
Brian Borrows is affiliated to Manchester City F.C.
Brian Borrows is affiliated to Huddersfield Town F.C.
Brian Borrows is affiliated to Liverpool F.C.
Grzegorz Podstawek plays for KS Polkowice
Grzegorz Podstawek plays for Polar Wrocław
Grzegorz Podstawek plays for Śląsk Wrocław
Grzegorz Podstawek plays for Podbeskidzie Bielsko-Biała
Grzegorz Podstawek plays for Polonia Bytom
Grzegorz Podstawek plays for Arka Gdynia
Grzegorz Podstawek plays for pl/Karkonosze Jelenia Góra
Grzegorz Podstawek plays for KSZO Ostrowiec Świętokrzyski
Grzegorz Podstawek plays for Zawisza Bydgoszcz
Grzegorz Podstawek plays for Zagłębie Lubin
Yakubu Abubakar Akilu plays for F.C. Ebedei
Yakubu Abubakar Akilu plays for Kolding FC
Yakubu Abubakar Akilu plays for FC Fredericia
Yakubu Abubakar Akilu plays for FC Midtjylland
Yakubu Abubakar Akilu plays for FC Hjørring
Yakubu Abubakar Akilu plays for Vejle Boldklub
Yakubu Abubakar Akilu plays for Ikast FS
Yakubu Abubakar Akilu plays for SønderjyskE
Yakubu Abubakar Akilu plays for AC Horsens
Yakubu Abubakar Akilu plays for Aarhus Gymnastikforening
"Hatillo, Puerto Rico is located in Puerto Rico"
"Hatillo, Puerto Rico is located in United States"
"Hatillo, Puerto Rico is located in Canada"
"Hatillo, Puerto Rico is located in France"
"Hatillo, Puerto Rico is located in Spain"
"Hatillo, Puerto Rico is located in United Kingdom"
"Hatillo, Puerto Rico is located in China"
"Hatillo, Puerto Rico is located in Japan"
"Hatillo, Puerto Rico is located in Netherlands"
"Hatillo, Puerto Rico is located in California"
"Donald W. Riegle, Jr. is affiliated to Democratic Party (United States)"
"Donald W. Riegle, Jr. is affiliated to Republican Party (United States)"
"Donald W. Riegle, Jr. is affiliated to Phoenix Suns"
"Donald W. Riegle, Jr. is affiliated to Lega Basket Serie A"
"Donald W. Riegle, Jr. is affiliated to Miami Heat"
"Donald W. Riegle, Jr. is affiliated to Chicago Bulls"
"Donald W. Riegle, Jr. is affiliated to Washington Wizards"
"Donald W. Riegle, Jr. is affiliated to Milwaukee Bucks"
"Donald W. Riegle, Jr. is affiliated to Whig Party (United States)"
"Donald W. Riegle, Jr. is affiliated to Cleveland Cavaliers"
Admir Aganović plays for FK Teleoptik
Admir Aganović plays for FK Dinamo Vranje
Admir Aganović plays for Syrianska FC
Admir Aganović plays for FK Čukarički
Admir Aganović plays for FK Partizan
Admir Aganović plays for FK Mladost Lučani
Admir Aganović plays for FK Zemun
Admir Aganović plays for CS Gaz Metan Mediaș
Admir Aganović plays for F.C. Verbroedering Dender Eendracht Hekelgem
Admir Aganović plays for Assyriska Föreningen
Armin Reichel plays for Eintracht Bad Kreuznach
Armin Reichel plays for Wormatia Worms
Armin Reichel plays for Tennis Borussia Berlin
Armin Reichel plays for 1. FC Saarbrücken
Armin Reichel plays for 1. FC Kaiserslautern
Armin Reichel plays for 1.F.C. Saarbrücken
Armin Reichel plays for FC 08 Homburg
Armin Reichel plays for 1. FSV Mainz 05
Armin Reichel plays for SV Waldhof Mannheim
Armin Reichel plays for Karlsruher SC
Erik Pedersen is affiliated to Pors Grenland
Erik Pedersen is affiliated to Odds BK
Erik Pedersen is affiliated to Tromsø IL
Erik Pedersen is affiliated to Viking FK
Erik Pedersen is affiliated to Norway national football team
Erik Pedersen is affiliated to Dundee United F.C.
Erik Pedersen is affiliated to Norway national under-21 football team
Erik Pedersen is affiliated to SK Brann
Erik Pedersen is affiliated to Rosenborg BK
Erik Pedersen is affiliated to Lyn Fotball
Daniel Bierofka plays for Bayern Munich Junior Team
Daniel Bierofka plays for FC Bayern Munich
Daniel Bierofka plays for Germany national football B team
Daniel Bierofka plays for FC Bayern Munich II
Daniel Bierofka plays for SpVgg Unterhaching
Daniel Bierofka plays for Germany national football team
Daniel Bierofka plays for TSV 1860 München
Daniel Bierofka plays for VfB Stuttgart
Daniel Bierofka plays for Bayer 04 Leverkusen
Daniel Bierofka plays for Germany national under-21 football team
Chris Turner (footballer born 1990) plays for Padiham F.C.
Chris Turner (footballer born 1990) plays for Clitheroe F.C.
Chris Turner (footballer born 1990) plays for Nelson F.C.
Chris Turner (footballer born 1990) plays for Stocksbridge Park Steels F.C.
Chris Turner (footballer born 1990) plays for Burscough F.C.
Chris Turner (footballer born 1990) plays for Accrington Stanley F.C.
Chris Turner (footballer born 1990) plays for Barrow A.F.C.
Chris Turner (footballer born 1990) plays for Worksop Town F.C.
Chris Turner (footballer born 1990) plays for Burnley F.C.
Chris Turner (footballer born 1990) plays for Southport F.C.
Daniel Kolář is affiliated to Czech Republic national under-21 football team
Daniel Kolář is affiliated to FK Chmel Blšany
Daniel Kolář is affiliated to FC Viktoria Plzeň
Daniel Kolář is affiliated to Czech Republic national football team
Daniel Kolář is affiliated to AC Sparta Prague
Daniel Kolář is affiliated to 1. FC Slovácko
Daniel Kolář is affiliated to SK Slavia Prague
Daniel Kolář is affiliated to FK Mladá Boleslav
Daniel Kolář is affiliated to FK Baumit Jablonec
Daniel Kolář is affiliated to FC Slovan Liberec
Milutin Pajević is affiliated to HAŠK
Milutin Pajević is affiliated to FK Lovćen
Milutin Pajević is affiliated to SK Jedinstvo Beograd
Milutin Pajević is affiliated to HNK Borovo
Milutin Pajević is affiliated to Yugoslavia national football team
Milutin Pajević is affiliated to FK Željezničar Sarajevo
Milutin Pajević is affiliated to FK Budućnost Podgorica
Milutin Pajević is affiliated to FK Partizan
Milutin Pajević is affiliated to F.K. Partizan
Milutin Pajević is affiliated to F.K. Željezničar Sarajevo
Carsten Hennig plays for SV Wehen Wiesbaden II
Carsten Hennig plays for VfR Mannheim
Carsten Hennig plays for FSV Frankfurt
Carsten Hennig plays for Eintracht Frankfurt II
Carsten Hennig plays for Eintracht Frankfurt
Carsten Hennig plays for 1. FSV Mainz 05
Carsten Hennig plays for SV Wehen Wiesbaden
Carsten Hennig plays for Kickers Offenbach
Carsten Hennig plays for SV Waldhof Mannheim
Carsten Hennig plays for SV Darmstadt 98
Colin Foster has gender male
Colin Foster has gender female
Colin Foster has gender Azerbaijan
Colin Foster has gender Turkey
Colin Foster has gender France
Colin Foster has gender César Award
Colin Foster has gender Golden Globe Award
Colin Foster has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Colin Foster has gender Democratic Party (United States)
Colin Foster has gender Russia
Londrina is located in Paraná
Londrina is located in Paraná (state)
Londrina is located in South (Brazil)
Londrina is located in Brazil
"Londrina is located in South Region, Brazil"
"Londrina is located in Northeast Region, Brazil"
Londrina is located in Rio Grande do Sul
Londrina is located in Northeast (Brazil)
Londrina is located in Southeast (Brazil)
"Londrina is located in Southeast Region, Brazil"
Gremlins is located in United States
Gremlins is located in United Kingdom
Gremlins is located in Germany
Gremlins is located in France
Gremlins is located in Canada
Gremlins is located in India
Gremlins is located in Italy
Gremlins is located in Japan
Gremlins is located in California
Gremlins is located in China
James Stansfield plays for Ossett Town F.C.
James Stansfield plays for Ossett Albion A.F.C.
James Stansfield plays for Wakefield F.C.
James Stansfield plays for Harrogate Railway Athletic F.C.
James Stansfield plays for Bradford Park Avenue A.F.C.
James Stansfield plays for Guiseley A.F.C.
James Stansfield plays for Mossley A.F.C.
James Stansfield plays for Huddersfield Town F.C.
James Stansfield plays for Frickley Athletic F.C.
James Stansfield plays for Halifax Town A.F.C.
Jaroslav Vejvoda plays for FC Vítkovice
Jaroslav Vejvoda plays for AC Sparta Prague
Jaroslav Vejvoda plays for Dukla Prague
Jaroslav Vejvoda plays for SK Slavia Prague
Jaroslav Vejvoda plays for Legia Warsaw
Jaroslav Vejvoda plays for Czechoslovakia national football team
Jaroslav Vejvoda plays for Czech Republic national football team
Jaroslav Vejvoda plays for Czech Republic national under-21 football team
Jaroslav Vejvoda plays for Bohemians 1905
Jaroslav Vejvoda plays for FK Baumit Jablonec
Jari Niemi is affiliated to Tampereen Pallo-Veikot
Jari Niemi is affiliated to FC Ilves
Jari Niemi is affiliated to Tampere United
Jari Niemi is affiliated to FC Haka
Jari Niemi is affiliated to K. Sint-Truidense V.V.
Jari Niemi is affiliated to R.A.E.C. Mons
Jari Niemi is affiliated to Standard Liège
Jari Niemi is affiliated to Finland national football team
Jari Niemi is affiliated to Finland national under-21 football team
Jari Niemi is affiliated to Helsingin Jalkapalloklubi
Ulrich Biesinger plays for TSV Schwaben Augsburg
Ulrich Biesinger plays for Germany national football B team
Ulrich Biesinger plays for SSV Reutlingen 05
Ulrich Biesinger plays for Germany national football team
Ulrich Biesinger plays for Germany national under-21 football team
Ulrich Biesinger plays for VfB Stuttgart
Ulrich Biesinger plays for FC Bayern Munich
Ulrich Biesinger plays for Eintracht Frankfurt
Ulrich Biesinger plays for Borussia Mönchengladbach
Ulrich Biesinger plays for TSV 1860 München
Cate Blanchett has won prize Independent Spirit Award for Best Female Lead
Cate Blanchett has won prize Helpmann Awards
Cate Blanchett has won prize Film Independent Spirit Awards
Cate Blanchett has won prize Volpi Cup
Cate Blanchett has won prize Golden Globe Award
Cate Blanchett has won prize Saturn Award
Cate Blanchett has won prize Genie Awards
Cate Blanchett has won prize Tony Award
Cate Blanchett has won prize Primetime Emmy Award
Cate Blanchett has won prize Silver Bear for Best Actress
Mauro Esposito is affiliated to A.C. Chievo Verona
Mauro Esposito is affiliated to Delfino Pescara 1936
Mauro Esposito is affiliated to Atletico Roma F.C.
Mauro Esposito is affiliated to A.S. Roma
Mauro Esposito is affiliated to Udinese Calcio
Mauro Esposito is affiliated to U.S. Grosseto F.C.
Mauro Esposito is affiliated to Italy national football team
Mauro Esposito is affiliated to A.C. ChievoVerona
Mauro Esposito is affiliated to Cagliari Calcio
Mauro Esposito is affiliated to Italy national under-21 football team
Alejandro Sabella is affiliated to fr/Club Ferro Carril Oeste
Alejandro Sabella is affiliated to Ferro Carril Oeste
Alejandro Sabella is affiliated to Club Atlético River Plate
Alejandro Sabella is affiliated to Club Ferro Carril Oeste
Alejandro Sabella is affiliated to Argentina national football team
Alejandro Sabella is affiliated to C.A. River Plate
Alejandro Sabella is affiliated to Grêmio Foot-Ball Porto Alegrense
Alejandro Sabella is affiliated to Club Estudiantes de La Plata
Alejandro Sabella is affiliated to Estudiantes de La Plata
Alejandro Sabella is affiliated to Irapuato FC
Sergio Gonzalo Rodríguez plays for Danubio F.C.
Sergio Gonzalo Rodríguez plays for Maccabi Tel Aviv
Sergio Gonzalo Rodríguez plays for Club Atlético Belgrano
Sergio Gonzalo Rodríguez plays for Montevideo Wanderers F.C.
Sergio Gonzalo Rodríguez plays for Quilmes Atlético Club
Sergio Gonzalo Rodríguez plays for Rosario Central
Sergio Gonzalo Rodríguez plays for Baniyas SC
Sergio Gonzalo Rodríguez plays for Uruguay national football team
Sergio Gonzalo Rodríguez plays for C.A. Rosario Central
Sergio Gonzalo Rodríguez plays for Club Nacional de Football
Peter Løvenkrands plays for Denmark national football team
Peter Løvenkrands plays for Akademisk Boldklub
Peter Løvenkrands plays for Denmark national under-21 football team
Peter Løvenkrands plays for Rangers F.C.
Peter Løvenkrands plays for Newcastle United F.C.
Peter Løvenkrands plays for Birmingham City F.C.
Peter Løvenkrands plays for FC Schalke 04
Peter Løvenkrands plays for F.C. Copenhagen
Peter Løvenkrands plays for Denmark national under-19 football team
Peter Løvenkrands plays for Brøndby IF
Pedro González Pierella has gender male
Pedro González Pierella has gender female
Pedro González Pierella has gender United Kingdom
Pedro González Pierella has gender Azerbaijan
Pedro González Pierella has gender wordnet chemical 114806838
Pedro González Pierella has gender Golden Globe Award
Pedro González Pierella has gender wordnet foodstuff 107566340
Pedro González Pierella has gender wordnet electronics 106099269
Pedro González Pierella has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Pedro González Pierella has gender wordnet machinery 103701640
Ingo Pickenäcker is affiliated to Rot-Weiß Oberhausen
Ingo Pickenäcker is affiliated to VfL Osnabrück
Ingo Pickenäcker is affiliated to VfL Bochum
Ingo Pickenäcker is affiliated to Borussia Mönchengladbach
Ingo Pickenäcker is affiliated to Rot-Weiss Essen
Ingo Pickenäcker is affiliated to Germany national under-21 football team
Ingo Pickenäcker is affiliated to Fortuna Düsseldorf
Ingo Pickenäcker is affiliated to Wuppertaler SV
Ingo Pickenäcker is affiliated to MSV Duisburg
Ingo Pickenäcker is affiliated to Schwarz-Weiß Essen
Aleksandr Salugin is affiliated to Russia national under-21 football team
Aleksandr Salugin is affiliated to FC Nizhny Novgorod
Aleksandr Salugin is affiliated to FC Volga Nizhny Novgorod
Aleksandr Salugin is affiliated to FC Tekstilshchik Ivanovo
Aleksandr Salugin is affiliated to FC Torpedo Moscow
Aleksandr Salugin is affiliated to FC Krylia Sovetov Samara
Aleksandr Salugin is affiliated to PFC CSKA Moscow
Aleksandr Salugin is affiliated to FC Rostov
Aleksandr Salugin is affiliated to Russia national football B team
Aleksandr Salugin is affiliated to Russia national football team
Nicky Reid is affiliated to England national under-21 football team
Nicky Reid is affiliated to Seattle Sounders (1974–83)
Nicky Reid is affiliated to Manchester City F.C.
Nicky Reid is affiliated to Blackburn Rovers F.C.
Nicky Reid is affiliated to Bury F.C.
Nicky Reid is affiliated to Wycombe Wanderers F.C.
Nicky Reid is affiliated to Sligo Rovers F.C.
Nicky Reid is affiliated to Bristol City F.C.
Nicky Reid is affiliated to West Bromwich Albion F.C.
Nicky Reid is affiliated to England national football team
Andrey Zhelyazkov plays for PFC Minyor Radnevo
Andrey Zhelyazkov plays for RC Strasbourg
Andrey Zhelyazkov plays for Beerschot AC
Andrey Zhelyazkov plays for Feyenoord
Andrey Zhelyazkov plays for K. Beerschot V.A.C.
Andrey Zhelyazkov plays for PFC Slavia Sofia
Andrey Zhelyazkov plays for Bulgaria national football team
Andrey Zhelyazkov plays for R.C. Strasbourg
Andrey Zhelyazkov plays for PFC Levski Sofia
Andrey Zhelyazkov plays for PFC CSKA Sofia
Peter Pullicino plays for Fraser Park FC
Peter Pullicino plays for Eastern Suburbs F.C.
Peter Pullicino plays for Hibernians F.C.
Peter Pullicino plays for Marsaxlokk F.C.
Peter Pullicino plays for Sutherland Sharks FC
Peter Pullicino plays for Msida Saint-Joseph F.C.
Peter Pullicino plays for Malta national football team
Peter Pullicino plays for Sliema Wanderers F.C.
Peter Pullicino plays for Mosta F.C.
Peter Pullicino plays for Floriana F.C.
Cristian Silvestri plays for Cosenza Calcio
Cristian Silvestri plays for Calcio Catania
Cristian Silvestri plays for Ascoli Calcio 1898
Cristian Silvestri plays for U.S. Lecce
Cristian Silvestri plays for Ternana Calcio
Cristian Silvestri plays for A.S. Roma
Cristian Silvestri plays for S.S.C. Napoli
Cristian Silvestri plays for Atalanta B.C.
Cristian Silvestri plays for U.C. Sampdoria
Cristian Silvestri plays for Italy national under-21 football team
Lorik Cana plays for Galatasaray S.K. (football)
Lorik Cana plays for Paris Saint-Germain F.C.
Lorik Cana plays for S.S. Lazio
Lorik Cana plays for Olympique de Marseille
Lorik Cana plays for Sunderland A.F.C.
Lorik Cana plays for Galatasaray S.K.
Lorik Cana plays for Albania national football team
Lorik Cana plays for FC Lausanne-Sport
Lorik Cana plays for France national football team
Lorik Cana plays for Liverpool F.C.
Giurgiu is located in Romania
Giurgiu is located in Giurgiu County
Giurgiu is located in Europe
Giurgiu is located in Transylvania
Giurgiu is located in France
Giurgiu is located in Bulgaria
Giurgiu is located in Wallachia
Giurgiu is located in Moldavia
Giurgiu is located in Italy
Giurgiu is located in Germany
Eidsvoll is located in Akershus
Eidsvoll is located in East Norway
Eidsvoll is located in Norway
Eidsvoll is located in United States
Eidsvoll is located in Oppland
Eidsvoll is located in Østfold
Eidsvoll is located in Hedmark
Eidsvoll is located in Buskerud
Eidsvoll is located in Eastern Norway
Eidsvoll is located in Poland
Norbert Zsivóczky is affiliated to Szigetszentmiklósi TK
Norbert Zsivóczky is affiliated to Lombard-Pápa TFC
Norbert Zsivóczky is affiliated to Diósgyőri VTK
Norbert Zsivóczky is affiliated to Ferencvárosi TC
Norbert Zsivóczky is affiliated to Stoke City F.C.
Norbert Zsivóczky is affiliated to Hungary national under-17 football team
Norbert Zsivóczky is affiliated to fr/Ferencváros TC (football)
Norbert Zsivóczky is affiliated to Hungary national football team
Norbert Zsivóczky is affiliated to MTK Budapest FC
Norbert Zsivóczky is affiliated to Hungary national under-19 football team
Desmond N'Ze plays for S.S. Milazzo
Desmond N'Ze plays for A.S. Pescina Valle del Giovenco
Desmond N'Ze plays for Fujieda MYFC
Desmond N'Ze plays for F.C. Gifu
Desmond N'Ze plays for Inter Milan
Desmond N'Ze plays for Hellas Verona F.C.
Desmond N'Ze plays for A.S. Avellino 1912
Desmond N'Ze plays for Parma F.C.
Desmond N'Ze plays for Juventus F.C.
Desmond N'Ze plays for A.C. Perugia Calcio
Filip Bednarek is affiliated to Poland national under-18 football team
Filip Bednarek is affiliated to nl/Voetbalacademie FC Twente
Filip Bednarek is affiliated to Poland national under-17 football team
Filip Bednarek is affiliated to Poland national under-19 football team
Filip Bednarek is affiliated to Amica Wronki
Filip Bednarek is affiliated to FC Twente
Filip Bednarek is affiliated to Poland national under-21 football team
Filip Bednarek is affiliated to Poland national under-16 football team
Filip Bednarek is affiliated to Poland national under-20 football team
Filip Bednarek is affiliated to Poland national football team
Laurențiu Buș is affiliated to AFC Arieșul Turda
Laurențiu Buș is affiliated to FC Yenisey Krasnoyarsk
Laurențiu Buș is affiliated to FC Politehnica Timișoara
Laurențiu Buș is affiliated to FC Universitatea Cluj
Laurențiu Buș is affiliated to FC Oțelul Galați
Laurențiu Buș is affiliated to Romania national football team
Laurențiu Buș is affiliated to FC Dinamo București
Laurențiu Buș is affiliated to FC Rapid București
Laurențiu Buș is affiliated to FC Steaua București
Laurențiu Buș is affiliated to FCM Reșița
Carlos Javier Delgado Rodríguez has gender male
Carlos Javier Delgado Rodríguez has gender female
Carlos Javier Delgado Rodríguez has gender Tomsk
Carlos Javier Delgado Rodríguez has gender Golden Globe Award
Carlos Javier Delgado Rodríguez has gender United Kingdom
Carlos Javier Delgado Rodríguez has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Carlos Javier Delgado Rodríguez has gender France
Carlos Javier Delgado Rodríguez has gender Germany
Carlos Javier Delgado Rodríguez has gender Paris
Carlos Javier Delgado Rodríguez has gender United States
James A. Shapiro works at Tel Aviv University
James A. Shapiro works at Harvard Medical School
James A. Shapiro works at Brandeis University
James A. Shapiro works at University of Cambridge
James A. Shapiro works at Pasteur Institute
James A. Shapiro works at University of Edinburgh
James A. Shapiro works at University of Chicago
James A. Shapiro works at University of Oxford
James A. Shapiro works at University College London
James A. Shapiro works at Harvard University
Om Puri has won prize Filmfare Awards
Om Puri has won prize National Film Awards (India)
Om Puri has won prize Padma Shri
Om Puri has won prize Sangeet Natak Akademi Award
Om Puri has won prize Padma Bhushan
Om Puri has won prize Golden Globe Award
Om Puri has won prize Volpi Cup
Om Puri has won prize Filmfare Awards South
Om Puri has won prize David di Donatello
Om Puri has won prize César Award
Andreas von Ettingshausen works at University of Vienna
Andreas von Ettingshausen works at University of Innsbruck
Andreas von Ettingshausen works at University of Graz
Andreas von Ettingshausen works at Heidelberg University
Andreas von Ettingshausen works at University of Göttingen
Andreas von Ettingshausen works at Humboldt University of Berlin
Andreas von Ettingshausen works at Vienna University of Technology
Andreas von Ettingshausen works at Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich
Andreas von Ettingshausen works at Leipzig University
Andreas von Ettingshausen works at University of Heidelberg
Mali Zvornik is located in Mačva District
Mali Zvornik is located in Podrinje
Mali Zvornik is located in Central Serbia
Mali Zvornik is located in Serbia
Mali Zvornik is located in Mali Zvornik
Mali Zvornik is located in Mačva
Mali Zvornik is located in United States
Mali Zvornik is located in Loznica
Mali Zvornik is located in Ljubovija
Mali Zvornik is located in Bogatić
Ismael Blanco is affiliated to Club Atlético Colón
Ismael Blanco is affiliated to Club Olimpo
Ismael Blanco is affiliated to Club Libertad
Ismael Blanco is affiliated to Legia Warsaw
Ismael Blanco is affiliated to C.A. Lanús
Ismael Blanco is affiliated to San Luis F.C.
Ismael Blanco is affiliated to A.E.K. Athens F.C.
Ismael Blanco is affiliated to de/Legia Warschau
Ismael Blanco is affiliated to Club Atlético Lanús
Ismael Blanco is affiliated to AEK Athens F.C.
Andrea Cossu (footballer born 1984) has gender male
Andrea Cossu (footballer born 1984) has gender female
Andrea Cossu (footballer born 1984) has gender Tomsk
Andrea Cossu (footballer born 1984) has gender Azerbaijan
Andrea Cossu (footballer born 1984) has gender France
Andrea Cossu (footballer born 1984) has gender United Kingdom
Andrea Cossu (footballer born 1984) has gender United Arab Emirates
Andrea Cossu (footballer born 1984) has gender Paris
Andrea Cossu (footballer born 1984) has gender United States
Andrea Cossu (footballer born 1984) has gender Germany
Hugh Wilson (director) created Police Academy (film)
Hugh Wilson (director) created Guarding Tess
Hugh Wilson (director) created Stroker Ace
Hugh Wilson (director) created Police Academy (franchise)
Hugh Wilson (director) created Burglar (film)
Hugh Wilson (director) created Hugh Wilson (director)
Hugh Wilson (director) created The Yakuza
Hugh Wilson (director) created Cat's Eye (1985 film)
Hugh Wilson (director) created Nowhere to Run (1993 film)
Hugh Wilson (director) created Sunday Lovers
Timo Gebhart is affiliated to FC Memmingen
Timo Gebhart is affiliated to Germany national youth football team
Timo Gebhart is affiliated to de/Deutsche Fußballnationalmannschaft (U-17-Junioren)
Timo Gebhart is affiliated to TSV 1860 München
Timo Gebhart is affiliated to 1. FC Nuremberg
Timo Gebhart is affiliated to 1. FC Nürnberg
Timo Gebhart is affiliated to Germany national under-21 football team
Timo Gebhart is affiliated to de/Deutsche Fußballnationalmannschaft (U-20-Männer)
Timo Gebhart is affiliated to Germany national football team
Timo Gebhart is affiliated to VfB Stuttgart
Alan Biley plays for Waterford United F.C.
Alan Biley plays for Everton F.C.
Alan Biley plays for Derby County F.C.
Alan Biley plays for Stoke City F.C.
Alan Biley plays for Portsmouth F.C.
Alan Biley plays for Cambridge United F.C.
Alan Biley plays for Panionios G.S.S.
Alan Biley plays for Luton Town F.C.
Alan Biley plays for Brighton & Hove Albion F.C.
Alan Biley plays for Panionios F.C
Maurice Couve de Murville graduated from École Libre des Sciences Politiques
Maurice Couve de Murville graduated from Paris Law Faculty
Maurice Couve de Murville graduated from University of Paris
Maurice Couve de Murville graduated from Sciences Po
Maurice Couve de Murville graduated from École Normale Supérieure
Maurice Couve de Murville graduated from École nationale d'administration
Maurice Couve de Murville graduated from École Polytechnique
Maurice Couve de Murville graduated from Ecole Spéciale Militaire de Saint-Cyr
Maurice Couve de Murville graduated from Paris West University Nanterre La Défense
Maurice Couve de Murville graduated from University of Strasbourg
Ian Bennett (soccer) is affiliated to Palm Beach Pumas
Ian Bennett (soccer) is affiliated to Hamilton Thunder
Ian Bennett (soccer) is affiliated to Chicago Storm
Ian Bennett (soccer) is affiliated to Charleston Battery
Ian Bennett (soccer) is affiliated to Richmond Kickers
Ian Bennett (soccer) is affiliated to Milwaukee Wave
Ian Bennett (soccer) is affiliated to Rochester Rhinos
Ian Bennett (soccer) is affiliated to D.C. United
Ian Bennett (soccer) is affiliated to Toronto Lynx
Ian Bennett (soccer) is affiliated to Montreal Impact
Battle of Dennewitz happened in Kingdom of Saxony
Battle of Dennewitz happened in Brandenburg
Battle of Dennewitz happened in Kingdom of Prussia
Battle of Dennewitz happened in Confederation of the Rhine
Battle of Dennewitz happened in Berlin
Battle of Dennewitz happened in First French Empire
Battle of Dennewitz happened in Prussia
Battle of Dennewitz happened in Germany
Battle of Dennewitz happened in Sweden
Battle of Dennewitz happened in Russian Empire
Denis Suárez plays for Celta de Vigo
Denis Suárez plays for FC Barcelona B
Denis Suárez plays for Celta de Vigo B
Denis Suárez plays for Spain national under-19 football team
Denis Suárez plays for Spain national under-17 football team
Denis Suárez plays for Spain national under-18 football team
Denis Suárez plays for FC Barcelona
Denis Suárez plays for Spain national under-21 football team
Denis Suárez plays for Manchester City F.C.
Denis Suárez plays for Spain national under-16 football team
Christoph Kramer plays for Bayer 04 Leverkusen
Christoph Kramer plays for Fortuna Düsseldorf
Christoph Kramer plays for Bayer 04 Leverkusen II
Christoph Kramer plays for Germany national youth football team
Christoph Kramer plays for Borussia Mönchengladbach
Christoph Kramer plays for Germany national football team
Christoph Kramer plays for VfL Bochum
Christoph Kramer plays for de/Deutsche Fußballnationalmannschaft (U-19-Junioren)
Christoph Kramer plays for Germany national under-21 football team
Christoph Kramer plays for de/Deutsche Fußballnationalmannschaft (U-20-Männer)
Sebastian Schachten is affiliated to Borussia Mönchengladbach II
Sebastian Schachten is affiliated to SV Werder Bremen II
Sebastian Schachten is affiliated to SC Paderborn 07
Sebastian Schachten is affiliated to Borussia Mönchengladbach
Sebastian Schachten is affiliated to FC St. Pauli
Sebastian Schachten is affiliated to Werder Bremen
Sebastian Schachten is affiliated to SV Werder Bremen
Sebastian Schachten is affiliated to Germany national under-21 football team
Sebastian Schachten is affiliated to Germany national youth football team
Sebastian Schachten is affiliated to SC Preußen Münster
J. M. G. Le Clézio has won prize Prix Renaudot
J. M. G. Le Clézio has won prize Nobel Prize in Literature
J. M. G. Le Clézio has won prize Legion of Honour
J. M. G. Le Clézio has won prize Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
J. M. G. Le Clézio has won prize Prix Médicis
J. M. G. Le Clézio has won prize Golden Globe Award
J. M. G. Le Clézio has won prize Grammy Award
J. M. G. Le Clézio has won prize Order of the Aztec Eagle
J. M. G. Le Clézio has won prize César Award
J. M. G. Le Clézio has won prize Austrian State Prize for European Literature
Junior Bent plays for Lancaster City F.C.
Junior Bent plays for Blackpool F.C.
Junior Bent plays for Huddersfield Town F.C.
Junior Bent plays for Burnley F.C.
Junior Bent plays for Stoke City F.C.
Junior Bent plays for Bristol City F.C.
Junior Bent plays for Kettering Town F.C.
Junior Bent plays for Preston North End F.C.
Junior Bent plays for Shrewsbury Town F.C.
Junior Bent plays for Bury F.C.
Colin Scott (footballer) plays for Gretna F.C.
Colin Scott (footballer) plays for Clydebank F.C.
Colin Scott (footballer) plays for Queen of the South F.C.
Colin Scott (footballer) plays for Airdrieonians F.C. (1878)
Colin Scott (footballer) plays for Hamilton Academical F.C.
Colin Scott (footballer) plays for Raith Rovers F.C.
Colin Scott (footballer) plays for Brentford F.C.
Colin Scott (footballer) plays for Rangers F.C.
Colin Scott (footballer) plays for Partick Thistle F.C.
Colin Scott (footballer) plays for Greenock Morton F.C.
Jimmy Conrad plays for San Diego Flash
Jimmy Conrad plays for San Jose Earthquakes
Jimmy Conrad plays for UCLA Bruins
Jimmy Conrad plays for Chivas USA
Jimmy Conrad plays for Sporting Kansas City
Jimmy Conrad plays for United States men's national soccer team
Jimmy Conrad plays for Lech Poznań
Jimmy Conrad plays for San Francisco Seals (soccer)
Jimmy Conrad plays for C.D. Chivas USA
Jimmy Conrad plays for California Jaguars
Mohammed Ali Karim is affiliated to Iraq national football team
Mohammed Ali Karim is affiliated to Al-Zawra'a SC
Mohammed Ali Karim is affiliated to Al-Quwa Al-Jawiya
Mohammed Ali Karim is affiliated to Talaba SC
Mohammed Ali Karim is affiliated to Al Shorta SC
Mohammed Ali Karim is affiliated to Al-Jazeera (Amman)
Mohammed Ali Karim is affiliated to Erbil SC
Mohammed Ali Karim is affiliated to Sanat Mes Kerman F.C.
Mohammed Ali Karim is affiliated to Al Jazira Club
Mohammed Ali Karim is affiliated to Al-Naft
Amy Winehouse has musical role wordnet drum 103249569
Amy Winehouse has musical role wordnet guitar 103467517
Amy Winehouse has musical role wordnet vocal music 107282006
Amy Winehouse has musical role wordnet piano 103928116
Amy Winehouse has musical role wordnet keyboard 103614007
Amy Winehouse has musical role wordnet bass guitar 102804123
Amy Winehouse has musical role wordnet percussion 100545059
Amy Winehouse has musical role wordnet synthesist 110687231
Amy Winehouse has musical role wordnet harmonica 103494278
Amy Winehouse has musical role wordnet bass 104986796
"Frederick William IV of Prussia owns Royal Palace, Wrocław"
Frederick William IV of Prussia owns Frederick William IV of Prussia
Frederick William IV of Prussia owns Wawel Castle
Frederick William IV of Prussia owns Frederick William III of Prussia
"Frederick William IV of Prussia owns Royal Castle, Warsaw"
Frederick William IV of Prussia owns History (European TV channel)
Frederick William IV of Prussia owns Frederick William II of Prussia
Frederick William IV of Prussia owns Prince Friedrich Karl of Prussia (1828–1885)
Frederick William IV of Prussia owns Louise of Mecklenburg-Strelitz
"Frederick William IV of Prussia owns William I, German Emperor"
Maciej Iwański is affiliated to ŁKS Łódź
Maciej Iwański is affiliated to Szczakowianka Jaworzno
Maciej Iwański is affiliated to Zagłębie Lubin
Maciej Iwański is affiliated to Poland national football team
Maciej Iwański is affiliated to Legia Warsaw
Maciej Iwański is affiliated to Manisaspor
Maciej Iwański is affiliated to Podbeskidzie Bielsko-Biała
Maciej Iwański is affiliated to Poland national under-21 football team
Maciej Iwański is affiliated to de/Legia Warschau
Maciej Iwański is affiliated to Wisła Kraków
Éder Citadin Martins has gender male
Éder Citadin Martins has gender female
Éder Citadin Martins has gender Tomsk
Éder Citadin Martins has gender France
Éder Citadin Martins has gender Azerbaijan
Éder Citadin Martins has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Éder Citadin Martins has gender United Kingdom
Éder Citadin Martins has gender Africa
Éder Citadin Martins has gender Paris
Éder Citadin Martins has gender Hong Kong
Walter De Vecchi plays for A.S. Varese 1910
Walter De Vecchi plays for A.C. Monza Brianza 1912
Walter De Vecchi plays for A.C. Reggiana 1919
Walter De Vecchi plays for A.C. Milan
Walter De Vecchi plays for Ascoli Calcio 1898
Walter De Vecchi plays for Bologna F.C. 1909
Walter De Vecchi plays for S.S.C. Napoli
Walter De Vecchi plays for Inter Milan
Walter De Vecchi plays for Italy national under-21 football team
Walter De Vecchi plays for Atalanta B.C.
Niclas Weiland plays for Hannover 96
Niclas Weiland plays for Rot-Weiß Oberhausen
Niclas Weiland plays for Tennis Borussia Berlin
Niclas Weiland plays for 1. FSV Mainz 05
Niclas Weiland plays for FC St. Pauli
Niclas Weiland plays for Hertha BSC
Niclas Weiland plays for Fortuna Düsseldorf
Niclas Weiland plays for FC Schalke 04
Niclas Weiland plays for Germany national under-21 football team
Niclas Weiland plays for MSV Duisburg
Pascal Vahirua is affiliated to S.M. Caen
Pascal Vahirua is affiliated to Tours F.C.
Pascal Vahirua is affiliated to Tours FC
Pascal Vahirua is affiliated to Stade Malherbe Caen
Pascal Vahirua is affiliated to Atromitos F.C.
Pascal Vahirua is affiliated to A.J. Auxerre
Pascal Vahirua is affiliated to France national football team
Pascal Vahirua is affiliated to AJ Auxerre
Pascal Vahirua is affiliated to France national under-21 football team
Pascal Vahirua is affiliated to Paris Saint-Germain F.C.
Julius Aghahowa is affiliated to Bendel Insurance F.C.
Julius Aghahowa is affiliated to FC Shakhtar Donetsk
Julius Aghahowa is affiliated to Espérance de Tunis
Julius Aghahowa is affiliated to F.C. Shakhtar Donetsk
Julius Aghahowa is affiliated to Kayserispor
Julius Aghahowa is affiliated to Nigeria national football team
Julius Aghahowa is affiliated to Wigan Athletic F.C.
Julius Aghahowa is affiliated to FC Sevastopol
Julius Aghahowa is affiliated to FC Metalurh Donetsk
Julius Aghahowa is affiliated to Heartland F.C.
Kamel Chafni plays for AJ Auxerre
Kamel Chafni plays for Racing Besançon
Kamel Chafni plays for Football Club Libourne
Kamel Chafni plays for Al Dhafra Club
Kamel Chafni plays for FC Sochaux-Montbéliard
Kamel Chafni plays for AC Ajaccio
Kamel Chafni plays for Stade Brestois 29
Kamel Chafni plays for Morocco national football team
Kamel Chafni plays for LB Châteauroux
Kamel Chafni plays for A.J. Auxerre
Juan Mata is affiliated to Spain national under-19 football team
Juan Mata is affiliated to Spain national under-21 football team
Juan Mata is affiliated to Spain national under-16 football team
Juan Mata is affiliated to Real Oviedo
Juan Mata is affiliated to Valencia CF
Juan Mata is affiliated to Spain national under-17 football team
Juan Mata is affiliated to Valencia C.F.
Juan Mata is affiliated to Real Oviedo C.F.
Juan Mata is affiliated to Real Madrid Castilla
Juan Mata is affiliated to Spain national football team
Philippe Senderos plays for Switzerland national football team
Philippe Senderos plays for Arsenal F.C.
Philippe Senderos plays for Valencia CF
Philippe Senderos plays for Servette FC
Philippe Senderos plays for Fulham F.C.
Philippe Senderos plays for Aston Villa F.C.
Philippe Senderos plays for Everton F.C.
Philippe Senderos plays for A.C. Milan
Philippe Senderos plays for Arsenal F.C. Academy
Philippe Senderos plays for Switzerland national under-21 football team
Johann Vogel has gender male
Johann Vogel has gender female
Johann Vogel has gender Tomsk
Johann Vogel has gender United Kingdom
Johann Vogel has gender United States
Johann Vogel has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Johann Vogel has gender Turkey
Johann Vogel has gender Africa
Johann Vogel has gender London
Johann Vogel has gender Germany
Giuseppe Baldini plays for ACF Fiorentina
Giuseppe Baldini plays for Genoa C.F.C.
Giuseppe Baldini plays for Calcio Como
Giuseppe Baldini plays for Italy national football team
Giuseppe Baldini plays for U.C. Sampdoria
Giuseppe Baldini plays for Inter Milan
Giuseppe Baldini plays for U.S. Città di Pontedera
Giuseppe Baldini plays for Savona F.B.C.
Giuseppe Baldini plays for Virtus Entella
Giuseppe Baldini plays for A.S. Avellino 1912
Ilès Ziane Cherif is affiliated to Olympique de Médéa
Ilès Ziane Cherif is affiliated to ASO Chlef
Ilès Ziane Cherif is affiliated to USM El Harrach
Ilès Ziane Cherif is affiliated to Algeria A' national football team
Ilès Ziane Cherif is affiliated to MC Saïda
Ilès Ziane Cherif is affiliated to USM Alger
Ilès Ziane Cherif is affiliated to JS Kabylie
Ilès Ziane Cherif is affiliated to Algeria national football team
Ilès Ziane Cherif is affiliated to MC Alger
Ilès Ziane Cherif is affiliated to USM Blida
Francesco Rutelli has gender male
Francesco Rutelli has gender female
Francesco Rutelli has gender Tomsk
Francesco Rutelli has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Francesco Rutelli has gender Azerbaijan
Francesco Rutelli has gender wordnet machinery 103701640
Francesco Rutelli has gender Turkey
Francesco Rutelli has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Francesco Rutelli has gender London
Francesco Rutelli has gender United Kingdom
Masakiyo Maezono is affiliated to Tokyo Verdy
Masakiyo Maezono is affiliated to Shonan Bellmare
Masakiyo Maezono is affiliated to Incheon United FC
Masakiyo Maezono is affiliated to Santos F.C.
Masakiyo Maezono is affiliated to Yokohama Flügels
Masakiyo Maezono is affiliated to Santos FC
Masakiyo Maezono is affiliated to FC Seoul
Masakiyo Maezono is affiliated to Goiás E.C.
Masakiyo Maezono is affiliated to Goiás Esporte Clube
Masakiyo Maezono is affiliated to Japan national football team
Ross Ongaro is affiliated to Memphis Americans
Ross Ongaro is affiliated to Edmonton Drillers (1979–82)
Ross Ongaro is affiliated to Edmonton Brickmen
Ross Ongaro is affiliated to Cleveland Force (1978–88)
Ross Ongaro is affiliated to Milwaukee Wave
Ross Ongaro is affiliated to Canada men's national under-20 soccer team
Ross Ongaro is affiliated to Canada men's national soccer team
Ross Ongaro is affiliated to Cleveland Crunch
Ross Ongaro is affiliated to San Diego Sockers (1978–96)
Ross Ongaro is affiliated to Vancouver Whitecaps (1986–2010)
Laurențiu Buș plays for AFC Arieșul Turda
Laurențiu Buș plays for FC Yenisey Krasnoyarsk
Laurențiu Buș plays for FC Politehnica Timișoara
Laurențiu Buș plays for FC Universitatea Cluj
Laurențiu Buș plays for FC Oțelul Galați
Laurențiu Buș plays for Romania national football team
Laurențiu Buș plays for FC Dinamo București
Laurențiu Buș plays for FC Rapid București
Laurențiu Buș plays for FC Steaua București
Laurențiu Buș plays for ACF Gloria Bistrița
Ihor Bazhan is affiliated to FC Zirka Kirovohrad
Ihor Bazhan is affiliated to FC Zorya Luhansk
Ihor Bazhan is affiliated to FC Kryvbas Kryvyi Rih
Ihor Bazhan is affiliated to FC Illichivets Mariupol
Ihor Bazhan is affiliated to FC Metalist Kharkiv
Ihor Bazhan is affiliated to FC Arsenal Kyiv
Ihor Bazhan is affiliated to SC Tavriya Simferopol
Ihor Bazhan is affiliated to S.K. Tavriya Simferopol
Ihor Bazhan is affiliated to Ukraine national football team
Ihor Bazhan is affiliated to FC Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk
Michael Welch (footballer) is affiliated to Altrincham F.C.
Michael Welch (footballer) is affiliated to Northwich Victoria F.C.
Michael Welch (footballer) is affiliated to Macclesfield Town F.C.
Michael Welch (footballer) is affiliated to Barnsley F.C.
Michael Welch (footballer) is affiliated to Accrington Stanley F.C.
Michael Welch (footballer) is affiliated to Rochdale A.F.C.
Michael Welch (footballer) is affiliated to Crewe Alexandra F.C.
Michael Welch (footballer) is affiliated to Chester City F.C.
Michael Welch (footballer) is affiliated to Bury F.C.
Michael Welch (footballer) is affiliated to Port Vale F.C.
Oleksandr Spivak plays for SC Odesa
Oleksandr Spivak plays for FC Chornomorets Odesa
Oleksandr Spivak plays for FC Shakhtar Donetsk
Oleksandr Spivak plays for FC Metalurh Zaporizhya
Oleksandr Spivak plays for FC Zirka Kirovohrad
Oleksandr Spivak plays for Ukraine national football team
Oleksandr Spivak plays for Stal Mielec
Oleksandr Spivak plays for FC Zenit Saint Petersburg
Oleksandr Spivak plays for F.C. Shakhtar Donetsk
Oleksandr Spivak plays for FC Stal Alchevsk
Wilfried Domoraud plays for FC Dornbirn 1913
Wilfried Domoraud plays for TSV Hartberg
Wilfried Domoraud plays for Weymouth F.C.
Wilfried Domoraud plays for Weston-super-Mare A.F.C.
Wilfried Domoraud plays for Woking F.C.
Wilfried Domoraud plays for Yeovil Town F.C.
Wilfried Domoraud plays for FC Admira Wacker Mödling
Wilfried Domoraud plays for SV Mattersburg
Wilfried Domoraud plays for A.S. Nancy-Lorraine
Wilfried Domoraud plays for SK Admira Wien
Sabah is located in Sabah
Sabah is located in Kota Kinabalu
Sabah is located in Sibu
Sabah is located in Malaysia
Sabah is located in East Malaysia
Sabah is located in China
Sabah is located in Asia
Sabah is located in United States
Sabah is located in Indonesia
Sabah is located in Japan
Stephen deRoux is affiliated to Montreal Impact (1992–2011)
Stephen deRoux is affiliated to San Antonio Scorpions
Stephen deRoux is affiliated to Minnesota Thunder
Stephen deRoux is affiliated to Puerto Rico Islanders
Stephen deRoux is affiliated to D.C. United
Stephen deRoux is affiliated to Montreal Impact
Stephen deRoux is affiliated to Baltimore Blast
Stephen deRoux is affiliated to Rochester Rhinos
Stephen deRoux is affiliated to Vancouver Whitecaps (1986–2010)
Stephen deRoux is affiliated to Fort Lauderdale Strikers
Johannes Mononen plays for Tampere United
Johannes Mononen plays for FC OPA
Johannes Mononen plays for Tampereen Pallo-Veikot
Johannes Mononen plays for FC Ilves
Johannes Mononen plays for JIPPO
Johannes Mononen plays for FC Hämeenlinna
Johannes Mononen plays for AC Oulu
Johannes Mononen plays for Tampereen Peli-Pojat-70
Johannes Mononen plays for FC Haka
Johannes Mononen plays for FC Jazz
Neil Jordan has gender male
Neil Jordan has gender female
Neil Jordan has gender United Kingdom
Neil Jordan has gender France
Neil Jordan has gender United States
Neil Jordan has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Neil Jordan has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Neil Jordan has gender Turkey
Neil Jordan has gender Africa
Neil Jordan has gender Erasmus Prize
Vladimir But plays for FC Chernomorets Novorossiysk
Vladimir But plays for SC Freiburg
Vladimir But plays for FC Shinnik Yaroslavl
Vladimir But plays for Hannover 96
Vladimir But plays for Borussia Dortmund
Vladimir But plays for Russia national football team
Vladimir But plays for OFI Crete
Vladimir But plays for FC Lokomotiv Moscow
Vladimir But plays for PFC CSKA Moscow
Vladimir But plays for FC Spartak Moscow
Sergio Valenti is affiliated to Club Atlético Villa San Carlos
Sergio Valenti is affiliated to Curicó Unido
Sergio Valenti is affiliated to Club de Gimnasia y Esgrima La Plata
Sergio Valenti is affiliated to Talleres de Córdoba
Sergio Valenti is affiliated to Irapuato FC
Sergio Valenti is affiliated to Defensor Sporting
Sergio Valenti is affiliated to Club Sportivo Ben Hur
Sergio Valenti is affiliated to Defensor Sporting Club
Sergio Valenti is affiliated to Boca Juniors
Sergio Valenti is affiliated to Estudiantes de La Plata
Liam Tuohy (footballer) plays for Boston Rovers
Liam Tuohy (footballer) plays for League of Ireland XI
Liam Tuohy (footballer) plays for Republic of Ireland national football B team
Liam Tuohy (footballer) plays for Shamrock Rovers F.C.
Liam Tuohy (footballer) plays for Republic of Ireland national football team
Liam Tuohy (footballer) plays for Newcastle United F.C.
Liam Tuohy (footballer) plays for Republic of Ireland national under-21 football team
Liam Tuohy (footballer) plays for Home Farm F.C.
Liam Tuohy (footballer) plays for Republic of Ireland national under-23 football team
Liam Tuohy (footballer) plays for Shelbourne F.C.
Savvas Kofidis is affiliated to Greece national football team
Savvas Kofidis is affiliated to Iraklis Thessaloniki F.C.
Savvas Kofidis is affiliated to Aris F.C. (Thessaloniki)
Savvas Kofidis is affiliated to Skoda Xanthi F.C.
Savvas Kofidis is affiliated to Olympiacos F.C.
Savvas Kofidis is affiliated to Aris Thessaloniki F.C.
Savvas Kofidis is affiliated to Greece national under-21 football team
Savvas Kofidis is affiliated to Panathinaikos F.C.
Savvas Kofidis is affiliated to PAOK FC
Savvas Kofidis is affiliated to PAS Giannina F.C.
Joseph Muscat has gender male
Joseph Muscat has gender female
Joseph Muscat has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Joseph Muscat has gender Tomsk
Joseph Muscat has gender London Heathrow Terminal 3
Joseph Muscat has gender Turkey
Joseph Muscat has gender United States
Joseph Muscat has gender United Kingdom
Joseph Muscat has gender Democratic Party (United States)
Joseph Muscat has gender Italy
Sean Haslegrave has gender male
Sean Haslegrave has gender female
Sean Haslegrave has gender Tomsk
Sean Haslegrave has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Sean Haslegrave has gender Azerbaijan
Sean Haslegrave has gender Paris
Sean Haslegrave has gender France
Sean Haslegrave has gender Turkey
Sean Haslegrave has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Sean Haslegrave has gender Ukraine
Andrea Seculin is affiliated to A.S. Avellino 1912
Andrea Seculin is affiliated to A.C.F. Fiorentina
Andrea Seculin is affiliated to ACF Fiorentina
Andrea Seculin is affiliated to F.C. Südtirol
Andrea Seculin is affiliated to S.S. Juve Stabia
Andrea Seculin is affiliated to Italy national under-21 football team
Andrea Seculin is affiliated to A.C. Chievo Verona
Andrea Seculin is affiliated to Italy national under-20 football team
Andrea Seculin is affiliated to A.C. ChievoVerona
Andrea Seculin is affiliated to Italy national football team
József Eisenhoffer is affiliated to Brooklyn Hakoah
József Eisenhoffer is affiliated to Hakoah Vienna
József Eisenhoffer is affiliated to New York Hakoah
József Eisenhoffer is affiliated to Ferencvárosi TC
József Eisenhoffer is affiliated to Hungary national football team
József Eisenhoffer is affiliated to Brooklyn Wanderers
József Eisenhoffer is affiliated to fr/Ferencváros TC (football)
József Eisenhoffer is affiliated to Olympique de Marseille
József Eisenhoffer is affiliated to Budapest Honvéd FC
József Eisenhoffer is affiliated to R.C. Lens
Filippos Filippou plays for Cyprus national football team
Filippos Filippou plays for Chalkanoras Idaliou
Filippos Filippou plays for Aris Limassol F.C.
Filippos Filippou plays for APOP Kinyras FC
Filippos Filippou plays for Atromitos Yeroskipou
Filippos Filippou plays for Olympiakos Nicosia
Filippos Filippou plays for Apollon Limassol
Filippos Filippou plays for Nea Salamis Famagusta FC
Filippos Filippou plays for AEP Paphos F.C.
Filippos Filippou plays for APEP F.C.
Mariusz Ujek is affiliated to Chrobry Głogów
Mariusz Ujek is affiliated to KS Polkowice
Mariusz Ujek is affiliated to Zagłębie Lubin
Mariusz Ujek is affiliated to Polonia Bytom
Mariusz Ujek is affiliated to RKS Radomsko
Mariusz Ujek is affiliated to Odra Opole
Mariusz Ujek is affiliated to GKS Bełchatów
Mariusz Ujek is affiliated to Warta Poznań
Mariusz Ujek is affiliated to Zagłębie Sosnowiec
Mariusz Ujek is affiliated to pl/Zagłębie Sosnowiec
Andy Rammell is affiliated to Atherstone Town F.C.
Andy Rammell is affiliated to Wycombe Wanderers F.C.
Andy Rammell is affiliated to Bristol Rovers F.C.
Andy Rammell is affiliated to Walsall F.C.
Andy Rammell is affiliated to Southend United F.C.
Andy Rammell is affiliated to Barnsley F.C.
Andy Rammell is affiliated to Manchester United F.C.
Andy Rammell is affiliated to Forest Green Rovers F.C.
Andy Rammell is affiliated to Swindon Town F.C.
Andy Rammell is affiliated to Aston Villa F.C.
Rasmus Elm is affiliated to Sweden national under-17 football team
Rasmus Elm is affiliated to Sweden national under-19 football team
Rasmus Elm is affiliated to Sweden national under-21 football team
Rasmus Elm is affiliated to Kalmar FF
Rasmus Elm is affiliated to CSKA Moscow
Rasmus Elm is affiliated to AZ Alkmaar
Rasmus Elm is affiliated to A.Z. Alkmaar
Rasmus Elm is affiliated to PFC CSKA Moscow
Rasmus Elm is affiliated to Sweden national football team
Rasmus Elm is affiliated to Malmö FF
Riccardo Giacconi has won prize Dannie Heineman Prize for Astrophysics
Riccardo Giacconi has won prize Wolf Prize in Physics
Riccardo Giacconi has won prize Wolf Prize
Riccardo Giacconi has won prize National Medal of Science
Riccardo Giacconi has won prize Elliott Cresson Medal
Riccardo Giacconi has won prize Gold Medal of the Royal Astronomical Society
Riccardo Giacconi has won prize Nobel Prize in Physics
Riccardo Giacconi has won prize Bruce Medal
Riccardo Giacconi has won prize Henry Draper Medal
Riccardo Giacconi has won prize Crafoord Prize
Harry Rennie is affiliated to Scottish Football League XI
Harry Rennie is affiliated to Scotland national football team
Harry Rennie is affiliated to Hibernian F.C.
Harry Rennie is affiliated to Kilmarnock F.C.
Harry Rennie is affiliated to Heart of Midlothian F.C.
Harry Rennie is affiliated to Rangers F.C.
Harry Rennie is affiliated to Greenock Morton F.C.
Harry Rennie is affiliated to Dundee F.C.
Harry Rennie is affiliated to Partick Thistle F.C.
Harry Rennie is affiliated to St. Mirren F.C.
Daniel Quinteros is affiliated to Almirante Brown de Arrecifes
Daniel Quinteros is affiliated to Club Atlético Lanús
Daniel Quinteros is affiliated to Club Libertad
Daniel Quinteros is affiliated to Club Atlético Independiente
Daniel Quinteros is affiliated to Club Atlético Banfield
Daniel Quinteros is affiliated to Rosario Central
Daniel Quinteros is affiliated to Apollon Limassol
Daniel Quinteros is affiliated to Argentina national football team
Daniel Quinteros is affiliated to Beerschot AC
Daniel Quinteros is affiliated to C.A. Lanús
Stanislav Šesták is affiliated to 1. FC Tatran Prešov
Stanislav Šesták is affiliated to Slovakia national football team
Stanislav Šesták is affiliated to ŠK Slovan Bratislava
Stanislav Šesták is affiliated to MŠK Žilina
Stanislav Šesták is affiliated to Bursaspor
Stanislav Šesták is affiliated to MKE Ankaragücü
Stanislav Šesták is affiliated to VfL Bochum
Stanislav Šesták is affiliated to Slovakia national under-21 football team
Stanislav Šesták is affiliated to MFK Košice
Stanislav Šesták is affiliated to FC Petržalka 1898
Val Teixeira is affiliated to Seacoast United Phantoms
Val Teixeira is affiliated to Amora F.C.
Val Teixeira is affiliated to Real Maryland F.C.
Val Teixeira is affiliated to A.D. Sanjoanense
Val Teixeira is affiliated to Crystal Palace Baltimore
Val Teixeira is affiliated to Rhode Island Stingrays
Val Teixeira is affiliated to S.L. Benfica
Val Teixeira is affiliated to Portugal national football team
Val Teixeira is affiliated to Chesterfield F.C.
Val Teixeira is affiliated to Vitória F.C.
Rúnar Már Sigurjónsson plays for UMF Tindastóll
Rúnar Már Sigurjónsson plays for Handknattleiksfélag Kópavogs
Rúnar Már Sigurjónsson plays for Iceland national under-21 football team
Rúnar Már Sigurjónsson plays for Iceland national football team
Rúnar Már Sigurjónsson plays for Valur Football Club
Rúnar Már Sigurjónsson plays for Iceland national under-19 football team
Rúnar Már Sigurjónsson plays for PEC Zwolle
Rúnar Már Sigurjónsson plays for GIF Sundsvall
Rúnar Már Sigurjónsson plays for Iceland national under-17 football team
Rúnar Már Sigurjónsson plays for Fimleikafélag Hafnarfjarðar
Carlos Casteglione is affiliated to Club Atlético Tigre
Carlos Casteglione is affiliated to All Boys
Carlos Casteglione is affiliated to Rosario Central
Carlos Casteglione is affiliated to Panionios G.S.S.
Carlos Casteglione is affiliated to Arsenal de Sarandí
Carlos Casteglione is affiliated to Panionios F.C
Carlos Casteglione is affiliated to C.A. Rosario Central
Carlos Casteglione is affiliated to Quilmes Atlético Club
Carlos Casteglione is affiliated to Club Atlético Independiente
Carlos Casteglione is affiliated to Argentina national football team
Simon Conway Morris is citizen of United Kingdom
Simon Conway Morris is citizen of United States
Simon Conway Morris is citizen of England
Simon Conway Morris is citizen of Germany
Simon Conway Morris is citizen of France
Simon Conway Morris is citizen of Australia
Simon Conway Morris is citizen of Italy
Simon Conway Morris is citizen of Canada
Simon Conway Morris is citizen of Belgium
Simon Conway Morris is citizen of India
Stopira is affiliated to Sporting Clube da Praia
Stopira is affiliated to Cape Verde national football team
Stopira is affiliated to C.D. Feirense
Stopira is affiliated to C.D. Santa Clara
Stopira is affiliated to Deportivo de La Coruña B
Stopira is affiliated to R.C. Deportivo de La Coruña
Stopira is affiliated to Videoton FC
Stopira is affiliated to Deportivo de La Coruña
Stopira is affiliated to F.C. Arouca
Stopira is affiliated to Sporting Clube de Portugal
Mike Pinner is affiliated to Cambridge University A.F.C.
Mike Pinner is affiliated to Corinthian-Casuals F.C.
Mike Pinner is affiliated to Queens Park Rangers F.C.
Mike Pinner is affiliated to Chelsea F.C.
Mike Pinner is affiliated to Manchester United F.C.
Mike Pinner is affiliated to Aston Villa F.C.
Mike Pinner is affiliated to Swansea City A.F.C.
Mike Pinner is affiliated to England national amateur football team
Mike Pinner is affiliated to Lisburn Distillery F.C.
Mike Pinner is affiliated to Sheffield Wednesday F.C.
Cléber was born in São Paulo
Cléber was born in Campinas
Cléber was born in Belo Horizonte
"Cléber was born in Santos, São Paulo"
Cléber was born in Brasília
Cléber was born in Goiânia
"Cléber was born in Salvador, Bahia"
Cléber was born in Rio de Janeiro
Cléber was born in Curitiba
Cléber was born in São Bernardo do Campo
Francisco Sá is affiliated to Huracán Corrientes
Francisco Sá is affiliated to Argentina national football team
Francisco Sá is affiliated to Boca Juniors
Francisco Sá is affiliated to Club Atlético River Plate
Francisco Sá is affiliated to C.A. River Plate
Francisco Sá is affiliated to C.A. Independiente
Francisco Sá is affiliated to Gimnasia y Esgrima de Jujuy
Francisco Sá is affiliated to Club Atlético Independiente
Francisco Sá is affiliated to A.A. Argentinos Juniors
Francisco Sá is affiliated to C.D. Olimpia
"Fujinomiya, Shizuoka is located in Shizuoka Prefecture"
"Fujinomiya, Shizuoka is located in Tōkai region"
"Fujinomiya, Shizuoka is located in Chūbu region"
"Fujinomiya, Shizuoka is located in Japan"
"Fujinomiya, Shizuoka is located in Chubu"
"Fujinomiya, Shizuoka is located in Aichi Prefecture"
"Fujinomiya, Shizuoka is located in Honshu"
"Fujinomiya, Shizuoka is located in United States"
"Fujinomiya, Shizuoka is located in Shizuoka (prefecture)"
"Fujinomiya, Shizuoka is located in Poland"
Pahiño plays for Granada CF
Pahiño plays for Deportivo de La Coruña
Pahiño plays for Spain national football team
Pahiño plays for Real Madrid C.F.
Pahiño plays for Celta de Vigo
Pahiño plays for R.C. Deportivo de La Coruña
Pahiño plays for R.C. Celta de Vigo
Pahiño plays for Granada C.F.
Pahiño plays for Real Madrid Castilla
Pahiño plays for Spain national under-21 football team
Luis Cristaldo is affiliated to The Strongest
Luis Cristaldo is affiliated to Guabirá
Luis Cristaldo is affiliated to Bolivia national football team
Luis Cristaldo is affiliated to Club Bolívar
Luis Cristaldo is affiliated to Oriente Petrolero
Luis Cristaldo is affiliated to Textil Mandiyú
Luis Cristaldo is affiliated to Cerro Porteño
Luis Cristaldo is affiliated to Sporting de Gijón
Luis Cristaldo is affiliated to Club Blooming
Luis Cristaldo is affiliated to Club Deportivo San José
Frank Blunstone plays for Crewe Alexandra F.C.
Frank Blunstone plays for England national football team
Frank Blunstone plays for England national under-21 football team
Frank Blunstone plays for Chelsea F.C.
Frank Blunstone plays for Brentford F.C.
Frank Blunstone plays for Arsenal F.C.
Frank Blunstone plays for Millwall F.C.
Frank Blunstone plays for Crystal Palace F.C.
Frank Blunstone plays for Southampton F.C.
Frank Blunstone plays for Queens Park Rangers F.C.
Marcus Fischer is affiliated to FC Eintracht Rheine
Marcus Fischer is affiliated to VfL Bochum II
Marcus Fischer is affiliated to Sportfreunde Lotte
Marcus Fischer is affiliated to SC Preußen Münster
Marcus Fischer is affiliated to VfL Bochum
Marcus Fischer is affiliated to SV Elversberg
Marcus Fischer is affiliated to FC Gütersloh 2000
Marcus Fischer is affiliated to Rot Weiss Ahlen
Marcus Fischer is affiliated to Rot-Weiss Essen
Marcus Fischer is affiliated to VfL Osnabrück
John Musker was born in New York City
John Musker was born in Los Angeles
John Musker was born in Chicago
John Musker was born in London
John Musker was born in Philadelphia
"John Musker was born in Newark, New Jersey"
John Musker was born in Detroit
John Musker was born in San Francisco
John Musker was born in Paris
John Musker was born in Toronto
Henry Nwosu plays for ACB Lagos
Henry Nwosu plays for Racing Club Bafoussam
Henry Nwosu plays for Gateway United F.C.
Henry Nwosu plays for ASEC Mimosas
Henry Nwosu plays for Nigeria national football team
Henry Nwosu plays for Heartland F.C.
Henry Nwosu plays for Bridge Boys F.C.
Henry Nwosu plays for Ivory Coast national football team
Henry Nwosu plays for Bendel Insurance F.C.
Henry Nwosu plays for Shooting Stars SC
Roman Weidenfeller plays for Borussia Dortmund
Roman Weidenfeller plays for Germany national youth football team
Roman Weidenfeller plays for Germany national football B team
Roman Weidenfeller plays for Germany national under-21 football team
Roman Weidenfeller plays for Borussia Dortmund II
Roman Weidenfeller plays for 1. FC Kaiserslautern
Roman Weidenfeller plays for Germany national football team
Roman Weidenfeller plays for de/Deutsche Fußballnationalmannschaft (U-17-Junioren)
Roman Weidenfeller plays for FC Schalke 04
Roman Weidenfeller plays for de/Deutsche Fußballnationalmannschaft (U-19-Junioren)
Davide Bassi is affiliated to S.S.D. Massese
Davide Bassi is affiliated to U.S. Sassuolo Calcio
Davide Bassi is affiliated to Empoli F.C.
Davide Bassi is affiliated to Torino F.C.
Davide Bassi is affiliated to Italy national under-21 football team
Davide Bassi is affiliated to Torino F.C. 1906
Davide Bassi is affiliated to Italy national football team
Davide Bassi is affiliated to Parma F.C.
Davide Bassi is affiliated to U.C. Sampdoria
Davide Bassi is affiliated to Brescia Calcio
Paul Cézanne influences Henri Matisse
Paul Cézanne influences Georges Braque
Paul Cézanne influences Joan Mitchell
Paul Cézanne influences Paul Cézanne
Paul Cézanne influences John D. Graham
Paul Cézanne influences Wallace Stevens
Paul Cézanne influences Motojirō Kajii
Paul Cézanne influences Rainer Maria Rilke
Paul Cézanne influences Pablo Picasso
Paul Cézanne influences Paul Gauguin
Chukiat Noosarung has gender male
Chukiat Noosarung has gender female
Chukiat Noosarung has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Chukiat Noosarung has gender Turkey
Chukiat Noosarung has gender Italy
Chukiat Noosarung has gender France
Chukiat Noosarung has gender Erasmus Prize
Chukiat Noosarung has gender United Kingdom
Chukiat Noosarung has gender Tomsk
Chukiat Noosarung has gender Azerbaijan
"Kevin McMahon (footballer, born 1946) is affiliated to Consett A.F.C."
"Kevin McMahon (footballer, born 1946) is affiliated to Gateshead F.C."
"Kevin McMahon (footballer, born 1946) is affiliated to Hartlepool United F.C."
"Kevin McMahon (footballer, born 1946) is affiliated to York City F.C."
"Kevin McMahon (footballer, born 1946) is affiliated to Barnsley F.C."
"Kevin McMahon (footballer, born 1946) is affiliated to Bolton Wanderers F.C."
"Kevin McMahon (footballer, born 1946) is affiliated to Newcastle United F.C."
"Kevin McMahon (footballer, born 1946) is affiliated to Darlington F.C."
"Kevin McMahon (footballer, born 1946) is affiliated to Carlisle United F.C."
"Kevin McMahon (footballer, born 1946) is affiliated to Sunderland A.F.C."
Philip Slone has gender male
Philip Slone has gender female
Philip Slone has gender United Kingdom
Philip Slone has gender France
Philip Slone has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Philip Slone has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Philip Slone has gender All-India Muslim League
Philip Slone has gender Germany
Philip Slone has gender Brazil
Philip Slone has gender United Arab Emirates
Gordon Gilbert is affiliated to Thanda Royal Zulu F.C.
Gordon Gilbert is affiliated to Mpumalanga Black Aces F.C.
Gordon Gilbert is affiliated to Moroka Swallows F.C.
Gordon Gilbert is affiliated to Kaizer Chiefs F.C.
Gordon Gilbert is affiliated to University of Pretoria F.C.
Gordon Gilbert is affiliated to East Fife F.C.
Gordon Gilbert is affiliated to St. Johnstone F.C.
Gordon Gilbert is affiliated to South Africa national football team
Gordon Gilbert is affiliated to Jomo Cosmos F.C.
Gordon Gilbert is affiliated to SuperSport United F.C.
Daouda Kanté is affiliated to Central Jersey Riptide
Daouda Kanté is affiliated to Mercer County Community College
Daouda Kanté is affiliated to Virginia Beach Mariners
Daouda Kanté is affiliated to Baltimore Blast
Daouda Kanté is affiliated to Wilmington Hammerheads FC
Daouda Kanté is affiliated to New England Revolution
Daouda Kanté is affiliated to St. Louis Steamers (1998–2006)
Daouda Kanté is affiliated to D.C. United
Daouda Kanté is affiliated to Real Maryland F.C.
Daouda Kanté is affiliated to Rochester Rhinos
Barry Smith (footballer born 1974) plays for Valur Football Club
Barry Smith (footballer born 1974) plays for Greenock Morton F.C.
Barry Smith (footballer born 1974) plays for Partick Thistle F.C.
Barry Smith (footballer born 1974) plays for Celtic F.C.
Barry Smith (footballer born 1974) plays for Scotland national under-21 football team
Barry Smith (footballer born 1974) plays for Dundee F.C.
Barry Smith (footballer born 1974) plays for Scotland national football team
Barry Smith (footballer born 1974) plays for Dundee United F.C.
Barry Smith (footballer born 1974) plays for Ayr United F.C.
Barry Smith (footballer born 1974) plays for Rangers F.C.
Vuyo Mere plays for Moroka Swallows F.C.
Vuyo Mere plays for Hellenic F.C.
Vuyo Mere plays for Mamelodi Sundowns F.C.
Vuyo Mere plays for Platinum Stars F.C.
Vuyo Mere plays for South Africa national football team
Vuyo Mere plays for Kaizer Chiefs F.C.
Vuyo Mere plays for SuperSport United F.C.
Vuyo Mere plays for Orlando Pirates
Vuyo Mere plays for Bidvest Wits F.C.
Vuyo Mere plays for Jomo Cosmos F.C.
Aydın is located in Aegean Region
Aydın is located in Aegean Turkey
Aydın is located in Turkey
Aydın is located in Aydın
Aydın is located in Aydın Province
Aydın is located in Central Anatolia
Aydın is located in Central Anatolia Region
Aydın is located in Marmara (region)
Aydın is located in Europe
Aydın is located in Izmir Province
Alastair Sim acted in The Belles of St Trinian's
Alastair Sim acted in London Belongs to Me
Alastair Sim acted in Scrooge (1951 film)
Alastair Sim acted in The Great St Trinian's Train Robbery
Alastair Sim acted in The Pure Hell of St Trinian's
Alastair Sim acted in Ivanhoe (1982 film)
Alastair Sim acted in The Hill (film)
Alastair Sim acted in The Blue Lagoon (1949 film)
Alastair Sim acted in Blue Murder at St Trinian's
Alastair Sim acted in Trio (film)
Rubén Alonso plays for Fuerte San Francisco
Rubén Alonso plays for ADET
Rubén Alonso plays for C.D. Municipal Limeño
Rubén Alonso plays for Alianza F.C.
Rubén Alonso plays for Aurora F.C.
Rubén Alonso plays for Real C.D. España
Rubén Alonso plays for C.D. Sonsonate
Rubén Alonso plays for C.D. Águila
Rubén Alonso plays for El Salvador national football team
Rubén Alonso plays for C.D. FAS
Serhiy Pohodin has gender male
Serhiy Pohodin has gender female
Serhiy Pohodin has gender United Kingdom
Serhiy Pohodin has gender Turkey
Serhiy Pohodin has gender Republican Party (United States)
Serhiy Pohodin has gender Hong Kong
Serhiy Pohodin has gender wordnet electronics 106099269
Serhiy Pohodin has gender Azerbaijan
Serhiy Pohodin has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Serhiy Pohodin has gender France
Ivan Buljan is affiliated to New York Cosmos
Ivan Buljan is affiliated to Hamburger SV
Ivan Buljan is affiliated to H.N.K. Hajduk Split
Ivan Buljan is affiliated to Yugoslavia national under-21 football team
Ivan Buljan is affiliated to HNK Hajduk Split
Ivan Buljan is affiliated to Yugoslavia national football team
Ivan Buljan is affiliated to Al-Salmiya SC
Ivan Buljan is affiliated to Red Star Belgrade
Ivan Buljan is affiliated to FK Partizan
Ivan Buljan is affiliated to Croatia national football team
Ekrem Kahya plays for ADO Den Haag
Ekrem Kahya plays for HBS Craeyenhout (football club)
Ekrem Kahya plays for VVV-Venlo
Ekrem Kahya plays for FC Dordrecht
Ekrem Kahya plays for Go Ahead Eagles
Ekrem Kahya plays for Denizlispor
Ekrem Kahya plays for Feyenoord
Ekrem Kahya plays for NAC Breda
Ekrem Kahya plays for Sparta Rotterdam
Ekrem Kahya plays for De Graafschap
Eric Gascoigne Robinson has won prize Victoria Cross
Eric Gascoigne Robinson has won prize Croix de guerre
Eric Gascoigne Robinson has won prize Mentioned in dispatches
Eric Gascoigne Robinson has won prize Legion of Honour
Eric Gascoigne Robinson has won prize Order of the Sacred Treasure
Eric Gascoigne Robinson has won prize Order of the Nile
Eric Gascoigne Robinson has won prize Order of St. Anna
Eric Gascoigne Robinson has won prize Order of the Bath
Eric Gascoigne Robinson has won prize Distinguished Service Order
Eric Gascoigne Robinson has won prize Order of the British Empire
Vinícius Conceição da Silva is affiliated to Sport Club Internacional
Vinícius Conceição da Silva is affiliated to Esporte Clube São José
Vinícius Conceição da Silva is affiliated to Clube Atlético Mineiro
Vinícius Conceição da Silva is affiliated to Fluminense FC
Vinícius Conceição da Silva is affiliated to Sporting Clube de Portugal
Vinícius Conceição da Silva is affiliated to Esporte Clube Bahia
Vinícius Conceição da Silva is affiliated to Ulsan Hyundai FC
Vinícius Conceição da Silva is affiliated to Standard Liège
Vinícius Conceição da Silva is affiliated to Clube Náutico Capibaribe
Vinícius Conceição da Silva is affiliated to Sociedade Esportiva e Recreativa Caxias do Sul
"University of South Carolina Upstate is located in Spartanburg, South Carolina"
University of South Carolina Upstate is located in United States
University of South Carolina Upstate is located in United Kingdom
University of South Carolina Upstate is located in South Carolina
University of South Carolina Upstate is located in California
University of South Carolina Upstate is located in Germany
University of South Carolina Upstate is located in France
University of South Carolina Upstate is located in Texas
University of South Carolina Upstate is located in Canada
University of South Carolina Upstate is located in China
Romanus Orjinta plays for Nigeria national football team
Romanus Orjinta plays for Enyimba International F.C.
Romanus Orjinta plays for Niger Tornadoes F.C.
Romanus Orjinta plays for Enugu Rangers
Romanus Orjinta plays for Bridge Boys F.C.
Romanus Orjinta plays for Heartland F.C.
Romanus Orjinta plays for Lillestrøm SK
Romanus Orjinta plays for Sharks F.C.
Romanus Orjinta plays for Warri Wolves F.C.
Romanus Orjinta plays for Nigeria national under-20 football team
Július Šimon is affiliated to FK LAFC Lučenec
Július Šimon is affiliated to FC Senec
Július Šimon is affiliated to Slovakia national football team
Július Šimon is affiliated to FK DAC 1904 Dunajská Streda
Július Šimon is affiliated to FC Spartak Trnava
Július Šimon is affiliated to MFK Košice
Július Šimon is affiliated to FC Petržalka 1898
Július Šimon is affiliated to FK Austria Wien
Július Šimon is affiliated to SV Ried
Július Šimon is affiliated to ŠK Slovan Bratislava
Mike Salmon plays for Wrexham F.C.
Mike Salmon plays for Chester City F.C.
Mike Salmon plays for Ipswich Town F.C.
Mike Salmon plays for Stockport County F.C.
Mike Salmon plays for Blackburn Rovers F.C.
Mike Salmon plays for Charlton Athletic F.C.
Mike Salmon plays for Bolton Wanderers F.C.
Mike Salmon plays for Oxford United F.C.
Mike Salmon plays for Vancouver Whitecaps FC
Mike Salmon plays for Manchester City F.C.
David Nyathi plays for Orlando Pirates
David Nyathi plays for South Africa national football team
David Nyathi plays for Kaizer Chiefs F.C.
David Nyathi plays for Ajax Cape Town F.C.
David Nyathi plays for CD Tenerife
David Nyathi plays for FC St. Gallen
David Nyathi plays for Cagliari Calcio
David Nyathi plays for C.D. Tenerife
David Nyathi plays for MKE Ankaragücü
David Nyathi plays for Jomo Cosmos F.C.
James Mason has gender male
James Mason has gender female
James Mason has gender Paris
James Mason has gender Turkey
James Mason has gender United States
James Mason has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
James Mason has gender France
James Mason has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
James Mason has gender United Kingdom
James Mason has gender London Heathrow Terminal 3
Jack Reilly (footballer) is affiliated to Brunswick Juventus FC
Jack Reilly (footballer) is affiliated to Melbourne Hakoah
Jack Reilly (footballer) is affiliated to Washington Whips
Jack Reilly (footballer) is affiliated to South Melbourne FC
Jack Reilly (footballer) is affiliated to Heidelberg United FC
Jack Reilly (footballer) is affiliated to Australia national association football team
Jack Reilly (footballer) is affiliated to St. George Saints Football Club
Jack Reilly (footballer) is affiliated to Inverurie Loco Works F.C.
Jack Reilly (footballer) is affiliated to Hibernian F.C.
Jack Reilly (footballer) is affiliated to St George FC
"Friedrich Ebert, Jr. has won prize Order of Karl Marx"
"Friedrich Ebert, Jr. has won prize Banner of Labor"
"Friedrich Ebert, Jr. has won prize Star of People's Friendship"
"Friedrich Ebert, Jr. has won prize Patriotic Order of Merit"
"Friedrich Ebert, Jr. has won prize Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany"
"Friedrich Ebert, Jr. has won prize National Prize of East Germany"
"Friedrich Ebert, Jr. has won prize Order of Lenin"
"Friedrich Ebert, Jr. has won prize Scharnhorst Order"
"Friedrich Ebert, Jr. has won prize Iron Cross"
"Friedrich Ebert, Jr. has won prize Order of the October Revolution"
Peter Buljan plays for Canberra Cosmos FC
Peter Buljan plays for Melbourne Knights FC
Peter Buljan plays for Australian Institute of Sport
Peter Buljan plays for Perth Glory FC
Peter Buljan plays for Brisbane Strikers FC
Peter Buljan plays for SV Eintracht Trier 05
Peter Buljan plays for 1. FC Saarbrücken
Peter Buljan plays for Australia national association football team
Peter Buljan plays for South Melbourne FC
Peter Buljan plays for Australia national under-20 association football team
Ionel Ganea plays for FC Rapid București
Ionel Ganea plays for Romania national football team
Ionel Ganea plays for FC Brașov
Ionel Ganea plays for FC Dinamo București
Ionel Ganea plays for ACF Gloria Bistrița
Ionel Ganea plays for Bursaspor
Ionel Ganea plays for VfB Stuttgart
Ionel Ganea plays for Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C.
Ionel Ganea plays for FC Universitatea Craiova
Ionel Ganea plays for Romania national under-21 football team
Nikos Katsavakis is affiliated to Ethnikos Gazoros F.C.
Nikos Katsavakis is affiliated to Cyprus national football team
Nikos Katsavakis is affiliated to Kavala F.C.
Nikos Katsavakis is affiliated to Apollon Limassol
Nikos Katsavakis is affiliated to Veria F.C.
Nikos Katsavakis is affiliated to Anorthosis Famagusta FC
Nikos Katsavakis is affiliated to Panserraikos F.C.
Nikos Katsavakis is affiliated to Digenis Akritas Morphou
Nikos Katsavakis is affiliated to APOEL FC
Nikos Katsavakis is affiliated to Enosis Neon Paralimni FC
Vlado Jeknić plays for FK Crvena Stijena
Vlado Jeknić plays for Shijiazhuang Yongchang F.C.
Vlado Jeknić plays for Montenegro national football team
Vlado Jeknić plays for Beijing Baxy F.C.
Vlado Jeknić plays for FK Sutjeska Nikšić
Vlado Jeknić plays for SV Wacker Burghausen
Vlado Jeknić plays for SV Wehen Wiesbaden
Vlado Jeknić plays for Diósgyőri VTK
Vlado Jeknić plays for FK Budućnost Podgorica
Vlado Jeknić plays for Montenegro national under-21 football team
John Finnigan is affiliated to Bishop's Cleeve F.C.
John Finnigan is affiliated to Kidderminster Harriers F.C.
John Finnigan is affiliated to Lincoln City F.C.
John Finnigan is affiliated to Nottingham Forest F.C.
John Finnigan is affiliated to Cheltenham Town F.C.
John Finnigan is affiliated to Notts County F.C.
John Finnigan is affiliated to Forest Green Rovers F.C.
John Finnigan is affiliated to Mansfield Town F.C.
John Finnigan is affiliated to Hereford United F.C.
John Finnigan is affiliated to Tamworth F.C.
Dedi Ben Dayan plays for Israel national under-21 football team
Dedi Ben Dayan plays for Hapoel Tel Aviv F.C.
Dedi Ben Dayan plays for Hapoel Petah Tikva F.C.
Dedi Ben Dayan plays for Maccabi Netanya F.C.
Dedi Ben Dayan plays for Hapoel Ironi Acre F.C.
Dedi Ben Dayan plays for Hapoel Be'er Sheva F.C.
Dedi Ben Dayan plays for Hapoel Kfar Saba F.C.
Dedi Ben Dayan plays for Israel national under-18 football team
Dedi Ben Dayan plays for Bnei Sakhnin F.C.
Dedi Ben Dayan plays for Maccabi Tel Aviv F.C.
Aleksandr Aleksandrovich Samokhvalov has gender male
Aleksandr Aleksandrovich Samokhvalov has gender female
Aleksandr Aleksandrovich Samokhvalov has gender United Kingdom
Aleksandr Aleksandrovich Samokhvalov has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Aleksandr Aleksandrovich Samokhvalov has gender London
Aleksandr Aleksandrovich Samokhvalov has gender United States
Aleksandr Aleksandrovich Samokhvalov has gender France
Aleksandr Aleksandrovich Samokhvalov has gender Golden Globe Award
Aleksandr Aleksandrovich Samokhvalov has gender Germany
Aleksandr Aleksandrovich Samokhvalov has gender Brazil
Rudolph A. Marcus has won prize Irving Langmuir Award
Rudolph A. Marcus has won prize Peter Debye Award
Rudolph A. Marcus has won prize National Medal of Science
Rudolph A. Marcus has won prize Nobel Prize in Chemistry
Rudolph A. Marcus has won prize Wolf Prize
Rudolph A. Marcus has won prize Nobel Prize in Physics
Rudolph A. Marcus has won prize Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine
Rudolph A. Marcus has won prize Wolf Prize in Chemistry
Rudolph A. Marcus has won prize Elliott Cresson Medal
Rudolph A. Marcus has won prize Priestley Medal
Dado Pršo is affiliated to H.N.K. Hajduk Split
Dado Pršo is affiliated to HNK Hajduk Split
Dado Pršo is affiliated to NK Zadar
Dado Pršo is affiliated to AS Monaco FC
Dado Pršo is affiliated to Étoile Fréjus Saint-Raphaël
Dado Pršo is affiliated to de/Stade Raphaëlois
Dado Pršo is affiliated to NK Pazinka
Dado Pršo is affiliated to A.S. Monaco F.C.
Dado Pršo is affiliated to AC Ajaccio
Dado Pršo is affiliated to Croatia national football team
Roberto Fernández Bonillo has gender male
Roberto Fernández Bonillo has gender female
Roberto Fernández Bonillo has gender Tomsk
Roberto Fernández Bonillo has gender United Kingdom
Roberto Fernández Bonillo has gender London
Roberto Fernández Bonillo has gender César Award
Roberto Fernández Bonillo has gender Paris
Roberto Fernández Bonillo has gender France
Roberto Fernández Bonillo has gender Hong Kong
Roberto Fernández Bonillo has gender Golden Globe Award
Beyond the Clouds (1995 film) is located in Germany
Beyond the Clouds (1995 film) is located in Italy
Beyond the Clouds (1995 film) is located in France
Beyond the Clouds (1995 film) is located in United States
Beyond the Clouds (1995 film) is located in United Kingdom
Beyond the Clouds (1995 film) is located in West Germany
Beyond the Clouds (1995 film) is located in Canada
Beyond the Clouds (1995 film) is located in Spain
Beyond the Clouds (1995 film) is located in China
Beyond the Clouds (1995 film) is located in India
Joe Allon is affiliated to Swansea City A.F.C.
Joe Allon is affiliated to Newcastle United F.C.
Joe Allon is affiliated to Hartlepool United F.C.
Joe Allon is affiliated to Chelsea F.C.
Joe Allon is affiliated to Brentford F.C.
Joe Allon is affiliated to Lincoln City F.C.
Joe Allon is affiliated to Port Vale F.C.
Joe Allon is affiliated to England national football team
Joe Allon is affiliated to Crystal Palace F.C.
Joe Allon is affiliated to England national under-21 football team
Slave Ship (1937 film) is located in United States
Slave Ship (1937 film) is located in United Kingdom
Slave Ship (1937 film) is located in France
Slave Ship (1937 film) is located in India
Slave Ship (1937 film) is located in Germany
Slave Ship (1937 film) is located in Italy
Slave Ship (1937 film) is located in Canada
Slave Ship (1937 film) is located in China
Slave Ship (1937 film) is located in Japan
Slave Ship (1937 film) is located in Hong Kong
Bobby Davison plays for Hull City A.F.C.
Bobby Davison plays for Leeds United A.F.C.
Bobby Davison plays for Halifax Town A.F.C.
Bobby Davison plays for Rotherham United F.C.
Bobby Davison plays for Huddersfield Town F.C.
Bobby Davison plays for Derby County F.C.
Bobby Davison plays for Leicester City F.C.
Bobby Davison plays for Sheffield United F.C.
Bobby Davison plays for Bradford City A.F.C.
Bobby Davison plays for Blackpool F.C.
Pećinci is located in Srem District
Pećinci is located in Podlužje
Pećinci is located in Vojvodina
Pećinci is located in Serbia
Pećinci is located in Pećinci
Pećinci is located in Syrmia
Pećinci is located in Central Serbia
Pećinci is located in Sremska Mitrovica
Pećinci is located in Bačka
Pećinci is located in South Bačka District
Jakob Friis-Hansen is affiliated to Denmark national football team
Jakob Friis-Hansen is affiliated to FC Girondins de Bordeaux
Jakob Friis-Hansen is affiliated to Boldklubben 1903
Jakob Friis-Hansen is affiliated to Lyngby Boldklub
Jakob Friis-Hansen is affiliated to Lille OSC
Jakob Friis-Hansen is affiliated to Lille O.S.C.
Jakob Friis-Hansen is affiliated to F.C. Girondins de Bordeaux
Jakob Friis-Hansen is affiliated to Fremad Amager
Jakob Friis-Hansen is affiliated to Hamburger SV
Jakob Friis-Hansen is affiliated to Denmark national under-21 football team
Brian Hill (footballer born 1942) is affiliated to Boston United F.C.
Brian Hill (footballer born 1942) is affiliated to Grimsby Town F.C.
Brian Hill (footballer born 1942) is affiliated to Blackburn Rovers F.C.
Brian Hill (footballer born 1942) is affiliated to Torquay United F.C.
Brian Hill (footballer born 1942) is affiliated to Huddersfield Town F.C.
Brian Hill (footballer born 1942) is affiliated to York City F.C.
Brian Hill (footballer born 1942) is affiliated to Rochdale A.F.C.
Brian Hill (footballer born 1942) is affiliated to Sheffield United F.C.
Brian Hill (footballer born 1942) is affiliated to Lincoln City F.C.
Brian Hill (footballer born 1942) is affiliated to Scunthorpe United F.C.
George Clawley is affiliated to Crewe Alexandra F.C.
George Clawley is affiliated to Stoke City F.C.
George Clawley is affiliated to Tottenham Hotspur F.C.
George Clawley is affiliated to Southampton F.C.
George Clawley is affiliated to England national football team
George Clawley is affiliated to Portsmouth F.C.
George Clawley is affiliated to England national under-21 football team
George Clawley is affiliated to Manchester City F.C.
George Clawley is affiliated to Birmingham City F.C.
George Clawley is affiliated to Liverpool F.C.
Zajko Zeba has gender male
Zajko Zeba has gender female
Zajko Zeba has gender London
Zajko Zeba has gender United Kingdom
Zajko Zeba has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Zajko Zeba has gender Tomsk
Zajko Zeba has gender London Heathrow Terminal 3
Zajko Zeba has gender Azerbaijan
Zajko Zeba has gender New York City
Zajko Zeba has gender Republican Party (United States)
Žitište is located in Vojvodina
Žitište is located in Serbia
Žitište is located in Central Banat District
Žitište is located in Central Serbia
Žitište is located in Bačka
Žitište is located in United States
Žitište is located in Potisje
Žitište is located in South Bačka District
Žitište is located in Žitište
Žitište is located in Syrmia
Terry Eviston was born in Dublin
Terry Eviston was born in Cork (city)
Terry Eviston was born in London
Terry Eviston was born in Dundalk
Terry Eviston was born in Drogheda
Terry Eviston was born in Limerick
Terry Eviston was born in Belfast
Terry Eviston was born in New York City
Terry Eviston was born in Los Angeles
Terry Eviston was born in Birmingham
Will Keane is affiliated to England national under-17 football team
Will Keane is affiliated to England national under-19 football team
Will Keane is affiliated to England national under-16 football team
Will Keane is affiliated to England national under-21 football team
Will Keane is affiliated to Wigan Athletic F.C.
Will Keane is affiliated to Queens Park Rangers F.C.
Will Keane is affiliated to Manchester United F.C.
Will Keane is affiliated to England national under-18 football team
Will Keane is affiliated to England national under-20 football team
Will Keane is affiliated to England national football team
Lil Wayne has won prize Grammy Award
Lil Wayne has won prize Emmy Award
Lil Wayne has won prize Golden Globe Award
Lil Wayne has won prize Tony Award
Lil Wayne has won prize Brit Awards
Lil Wayne has won prize Primetime Emmy Award
Lil Wayne has won prize Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award
Lil Wayne has won prize Ivor Novello Awards
Lil Wayne has won prize Drama Desk Award
Lil Wayne has won prize World Music Awards
Jon Ashton plays for Stevenage F.C.
Jon Ashton plays for Rushden & Diamonds F.C.
Jon Ashton plays for Oxford United F.C.
Jon Ashton plays for Notts County F.C.
Jon Ashton plays for Leicester City F.C.
Jon Ashton plays for England national football C team
Jon Ashton plays for Grays Athletic F.C.
Jon Ashton plays for Cambridge United F.C.
Jon Ashton plays for Kettering Town F.C.
Jon Ashton plays for Northampton Town F.C.
Dmitry Medvedev has gender male
Dmitry Medvedev has gender female
Dmitry Medvedev has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Dmitry Medvedev has gender United Kingdom
Dmitry Medvedev has gender Turkey
Dmitry Medvedev has gender César Award
Dmitry Medvedev has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Dmitry Medvedev has gender Independent (politician)
Dmitry Medvedev has gender Order of Prince Henry
Dmitry Medvedev has gender Archibald Leitch
"Alachua, Florida is located in Alachua County"
"Alachua, Florida is located in Florida"
"Alachua, Florida is located in United States"
"Alachua, Florida is located in Alachua County, Florida"
"Alachua, Florida is located in California"
"Alachua, Florida is located in Poland"
"Alachua, Florida is located in Texas"
"Alachua, Florida is located in Pennsylvania"
"Alachua, Florida is located in Illinois"
"Alachua, Florida is located in Michigan"
Rebecca Jenkins has gender female
Rebecca Jenkins has gender male
Rebecca Jenkins has gender United Kingdom
Rebecca Jenkins has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Rebecca Jenkins has gender France
Rebecca Jenkins has gender Erasmus Prize
Rebecca Jenkins has gender English language
Rebecca Jenkins has gender Paris
Rebecca Jenkins has gender Azerbaijan
Rebecca Jenkins has gender Tomsk
Alexander Hleb is affiliated to FC Dinamo-Juni Minsk
Alexander Hleb is affiliated to Belarus national football team
Alexander Hleb is affiliated to VfB Stuttgart
Alexander Hleb is affiliated to VfB Stuttgart II
Alexander Hleb is affiliated to FC Krylia Sovetov Samara
Alexander Hleb is affiliated to VfL Wolfsburg
Alexander Hleb is affiliated to FC BATE Borisov
Alexander Hleb is affiliated to Arsenal F.C.
Alexander Hleb is affiliated to Torku Konyaspor
Alexander Hleb is affiliated to FC Barcelona
Municipality of Kogarah is located in New South Wales
Municipality of Kogarah is located in United States
Municipality of Kogarah is located in Australia
Municipality of Kogarah is located in Sydney
Municipality of Kogarah is located in Sydney central business district
Municipality of Kogarah is located in India
Municipality of Kogarah is located in Riverina
Municipality of Kogarah is located in Canada
Municipality of Kogarah is located in United Kingdom
Municipality of Kogarah is located in Wagga Wagga
Vojin Lazarević is affiliated to RFC Liège
Vojin Lazarević is affiliated to Red Star Belgrade
Vojin Lazarević is affiliated to AS Nancy
Vojin Lazarević is affiliated to FK Sutjeska Nikšić
Vojin Lazarević is affiliated to R.F.C. de Liège
Vojin Lazarević is affiliated to A.S. Nancy-Lorraine
Vojin Lazarević is affiliated to F.K. Red Star Belgrade
Vojin Lazarević is affiliated to Yugoslavia national football team
Vojin Lazarević is affiliated to Toronto Blizzard (1971–84)
Vojin Lazarević is affiliated to FK Budućnost Podgorica
Michael Habryka plays for TSV Havelse
Michael Habryka plays for SV Werder Bremen II
Michael Habryka plays for VfL Wolfsburg
Michael Habryka plays for 1. FC Magdeburg
Michael Habryka plays for Hannover 96
Michael Habryka plays for Werder Bremen
Michael Habryka plays for SV Werder Bremen
Michael Habryka plays for VfB Oldenburg
Michael Habryka plays for Germany national under-21 football team
Michael Habryka plays for VfL Osnabrück
Robert Page (footballer) plays for Wales national football team
Robert Page (footballer) plays for Cardiff City F.C.
Robert Page (footballer) plays for Huddersfield Town F.C.
Robert Page (footballer) plays for Coventry City F.C.
Robert Page (footballer) plays for Watford F.C.
Robert Page (footballer) plays for Chesterfield F.C.
Robert Page (footballer) plays for Sheffield United F.C.
Robert Page (footballer) plays for Wales national under-21 football team
Robert Page (footballer) plays for Derby County F.C.
Robert Page (footballer) plays for Swansea City A.F.C.
Cristián Abarca is affiliated to Deportes Magallanes
Cristián Abarca is affiliated to Chile national under-17 football team
Cristián Abarca is affiliated to San Luis de Quillota
Cristián Abarca is affiliated to Colo-Colo
Cristián Abarca is affiliated to C.D. Universidad de Concepción
Cristián Abarca is affiliated to O'Higgins F.C.
Cristián Abarca is affiliated to Chile national football team
Cristián Abarca is affiliated to Club Deportivo Universidad Católica
Cristián Abarca is affiliated to Chile national under-20 football team
Cristián Abarca is affiliated to Ñublense
Třebíč District has capital Třebíč
Třebíč District has capital Třebíč District
Třebíč District has capital Bohemian-Moravian Highlands
Třebíč District has capital Vysočina Region
Třebíč District has capital Žďár nad Sázavou District
Třebíč District has capital Jihlava District
Třebíč District has capital Pelhřimov District
Třebíč District has capital Czech Republic
Třebíč District has capital Jihlava
Třebíč District has capital Pelhřimov
Jimmy Smailes plays for Tow Law Town A.F.C.
Jimmy Smailes plays for Huddersfield Town F.C.
Jimmy Smailes plays for Bradford City A.F.C.
Jimmy Smailes plays for Grimsby Town F.C.
Jimmy Smailes plays for Stockport County F.C.
Jimmy Smailes plays for Blackpool F.C.
Jimmy Smailes plays for Tottenham Hotspur F.C.
Jimmy Smailes plays for Sheffield Wednesday F.C.
Jimmy Smailes plays for Newcastle United F.C.
Jimmy Smailes plays for Rochdale A.F.C.
Bruno Menezes plays for São Carlos Futebol Clube
Bruno Menezes plays for Cuiabá Esporte Clube
Bruno Menezes plays for Marília Atlético Clube
Bruno Menezes plays for Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense
Bruno Menezes plays for União São João Esporte Clube
Bruno Menezes plays for Fort Lauderdale Strikers
Bruno Menezes plays for Chicago Fire Soccer Club
Bruno Menezes plays for Mogi Mirim Esporte Clube
Bruno Menezes plays for Paraná Clube
Bruno Menezes plays for Guarani Futebol Clube
Steve Cronin plays for Portland Timbers (2001–10)
Steve Cronin plays for Santa Clara University
Steve Cronin plays for United States men's national under-20 soccer team
Steve Cronin plays for San Jose Earthquakes
Steve Cronin plays for United States men's national under-17 soccer team
Steve Cronin plays for D.C. United
Steve Cronin plays for LA Galaxy
Steve Cronin plays for Portland Timbers
Steve Cronin plays for Los Angeles Galaxy
Steve Cronin plays for United States men's national under-23 soccer team
René Pontoni plays for San Lorenzo de Almagro
René Pontoni plays for Independiente Santa Fe
René Pontoni plays for Argentina national football team
René Pontoni plays for Associação Portuguesa de Desportos
René Pontoni plays for Newell's Old Boys
René Pontoni plays for C.A. Newell's Old Boys
René Pontoni plays for C.A. San Lorenzo de Almagro
René Pontoni plays for Boca Juniors
René Pontoni plays for Club Atlético River Plate
René Pontoni plays for Racing Club de Avellaneda
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain is affiliated to England national under-21 football team
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain is affiliated to Southampton F.C.
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain is affiliated to England national football team
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain is affiliated to England national under-19 football team
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain is affiliated to England national under-18 football team
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain is affiliated to Arsenal F.C.
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain is affiliated to England national under-17 football team
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain is affiliated to England national under-16 football team
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain is affiliated to Portsmouth F.C.
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain is affiliated to England national under-20 football team
Christos Kagiouzis plays for Kastoria F.C.
Christos Kagiouzis plays for Veria F.C.
Christos Kagiouzis plays for 1. FC Eschborn
Christos Kagiouzis plays for Kavala F.C.
Christos Kagiouzis plays for Ethnikos Asteras F.C.
Christos Kagiouzis plays for Skoda Xanthi F.C.
Christos Kagiouzis plays for Kickers Offenbach
Christos Kagiouzis plays for PAE Kerkyra
Christos Kagiouzis plays for Kerkyra F.C.
Christos Kagiouzis plays for Panetolikos F.C.
Carlos Ischia is affiliated to Junior F.C.
Carlos Ischia is affiliated to Junior de Barranquilla
Carlos Ischia is affiliated to Club Atlético Vélez Sarsfield
Carlos Ischia is affiliated to Chacarita Juniors
Carlos Ischia is affiliated to América de Cali
Carlos Ischia is affiliated to Barcelona Sporting Club
Carlos Ischia is affiliated to Argentina national football team
Carlos Ischia is affiliated to Club Atlas
Carlos Ischia is affiliated to C.A. Vélez Sársfield
Carlos Ischia is affiliated to Boca Juniors
Mark Chung plays for Sporting Kansas City
Mark Chung plays for San Diego Sockers (1978–96)
Mark Chung plays for New York Red Bulls
Mark Chung plays for Colorado Rapids
Mark Chung plays for San Jose Earthquakes
Mark Chung plays for United States men's national soccer team
Mark Chung plays for FC Dallas
Mark Chung plays for United States national soccer team
Mark Chung plays for D.C. United
Mark Chung plays for Chicago Fire Soccer Club
Shunsuke Maeda is affiliated to Oita Trinita
Shunsuke Maeda is affiliated to F.C. Tokyo
Shunsuke Maeda is affiliated to Japan national under-20 football team
Shunsuke Maeda is affiliated to Sanfrecce Hiroshima
Shunsuke Maeda is affiliated to Consadole Sapporo
Shunsuke Maeda is affiliated to Japan national football team
Shunsuke Maeda is affiliated to Japan national under-23 football team
Shunsuke Maeda is affiliated to Urawa Red Diamonds
Shunsuke Maeda is affiliated to Gamba Osaka
Shunsuke Maeda is affiliated to Nagoya Grampus
Phil Alexander plays for Wokingham & Emmbrook F.C.
Phil Alexander plays for Gisborne City AFC
Phil Alexander plays for Miramar Rangers
Phil Alexander plays for Kingstonian F.C.
Phil Alexander plays for Bracknell Town F.C.
Phil Alexander plays for Norwich City F.C.
Phil Alexander plays for Crystal Palace F.C.
Phil Alexander plays for Reading F.C.
Phil Alexander plays for New Zealand national football team
Phil Alexander plays for Fulham F.C.
Debatik Curri is affiliated to Kosovo national football team
Debatik Curri is affiliated to FC Prishtina
Debatik Curri is affiliated to FC Sevastopol
Debatik Curri is affiliated to Albania national football team
Debatik Curri is affiliated to FC Hoverla Uzhhorod
Debatik Curri is affiliated to Gençlerbirliği S.K.
Debatik Curri is affiliated to FC Vorskla Poltava
Debatik Curri is affiliated to KS Vllaznia Shkodër
Debatik Curri is affiliated to FC Kryvbas Kryvyi Rih
Debatik Curri is affiliated to Besa Kavajë
Haapsalu is located in Lääne County
Haapsalu is located in United States
Haapsalu is located in Haapsalu
Haapsalu is located in Estonia
Haapsalu is located in Europe
Haapsalu is located in China
Haapsalu is located in United Kingdom
Haapsalu is located in India
Haapsalu is located in Asia
Haapsalu is located in Germany
Chet Atkins died in Los Angeles
Chet Atkins died in London
Chet Atkins died in New York City
"Chet Atkins died in Beverly Hills, California"
Chet Atkins died in Paris
"Chet Atkins died in Santa Monica, California"
"Chet Atkins died in Nashville, Tennessee"
Chet Atkins died in Rome
Chet Atkins died in Neuilly-sur-Seine
Chet Atkins died in San Francisco
Robert Boulin has gender male
Robert Boulin has gender female
Robert Boulin has gender London Heathrow Terminal 3
Robert Boulin has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Robert Boulin has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Robert Boulin has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Robert Boulin has gender Brazil
Robert Boulin has gender Tomsk
Robert Boulin has gender Turkey
Robert Boulin has gender United Kingdom
Laotian Civil War happened in South Vietnam
Laotian Civil War happened in Kingdom of Laos
Laotian Civil War happened in Laos
Laotian Civil War happened in North Vietnam
Laotian Civil War happened in Thailand
Laotian Civil War happened in China
Laotian Civil War happened in Cambodia
Laotian Civil War happened in Khmer Republic
Laotian Civil War happened in Soviet Union
Laotian Civil War happened in Vietnam
Charles Itandje plays for RC Lens
Charles Itandje plays for Atromitos F.C.
Charles Itandje plays for Kavala F.C.
Charles Itandje plays for R.C. Lens
Charles Itandje plays for Red Star F.C.
Charles Itandje plays for PAOK FC
Charles Itandje plays for Liverpool F.C.
Charles Itandje plays for P.A.O.K. Thessaloniki F.C.
Charles Itandje plays for Cameroon national football team
Charles Itandje plays for Torku Konyaspor
Chaswe Nsofwa has gender male
Chaswe Nsofwa has gender female
Chaswe Nsofwa has gender London
Chaswe Nsofwa has gender Golden Globe Award
Chaswe Nsofwa has gender Turkey
Chaswe Nsofwa has gender United Kingdom
Chaswe Nsofwa has gender Hong Kong
Chaswe Nsofwa has gender César Award
Chaswe Nsofwa has gender Azerbaijan
Chaswe Nsofwa has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Giovanni Cannata is affiliated to Bayer 04 Leverkusen II
Giovanni Cannata is affiliated to Bayer 04 Leverkusen
Giovanni Cannata is affiliated to FC Remscheid
Giovanni Cannata is affiliated to Rot-Weiss Essen
Giovanni Cannata is affiliated to Kickers Emden
Giovanni Cannata is affiliated to Fortuna Düsseldorf
Giovanni Cannata is affiliated to Wuppertaler SV
Giovanni Cannata is affiliated to Rot Weiss Ahlen
Giovanni Cannata is affiliated to SC Preußen Münster
Giovanni Cannata is affiliated to Alemannia Aachen
Kevin McLeod is affiliated to Redbridge F.C.
Kevin McLeod is affiliated to Braintree Town F.C.
Kevin McLeod is affiliated to Thurrock F.C.
Kevin McLeod is affiliated to Chelmsford City F.C.
Kevin McLeod is affiliated to Colchester United F.C.
Kevin McLeod is affiliated to Brighton & Hove Albion F.C.
Kevin McLeod is affiliated to Queens Park Rangers F.C.
Kevin McLeod is affiliated to Wycombe Wanderers F.C.
Kevin McLeod is affiliated to Everton F.C.
Kevin McLeod is affiliated to Swansea City A.F.C.
"Turbo, Colombia is located in Antioquia Department"
"Turbo, Colombia is located in Colombia"
"Turbo, Colombia is located in Argentina"
"Turbo, Colombia is located in Brazil"
"Turbo, Colombia is located in United States"
"Turbo, Colombia is located in South America"
"Turbo, Colombia is located in Caribbean"
"Turbo, Colombia is located in Europe"
"Turbo, Colombia is located in France"
"Turbo, Colombia is located in Poland"
Valeriu Andronic is affiliated to FK Khujand
Valeriu Andronic is affiliated to CS Inter Gaz București
Valeriu Andronic is affiliated to FC Veris
Valeriu Andronic is affiliated to FC Politehnica Chișinău
Valeriu Andronic is affiliated to Moldova national football team
Valeriu Andronic is affiliated to FC Iskra-Stal
Valeriu Andronic is affiliated to FC Zimbru Chișinău
Valeriu Andronic is affiliated to FCM Câmpina
Valeriu Andronic is affiliated to CS Tiligul-Tiras Tiraspol
Valeriu Andronic is affiliated to FC Oryol
Ihor Yurchenko has gender male
Ihor Yurchenko has gender female
Ihor Yurchenko has gender London
Ihor Yurchenko has gender United Kingdom
Ihor Yurchenko has gender Republican Party (United States)
Ihor Yurchenko has gender Paris
Ihor Yurchenko has gender Democratic Party (United States)
Ihor Yurchenko has gender Turkey
Ihor Yurchenko has gender Hong Kong
Ihor Yurchenko has gender Los Angeles
Andy Thomson (Scottish footballer) is affiliated to Queen of the South F.C.
Andy Thomson (Scottish footballer) is affiliated to Falkirk F.C.
Andy Thomson (Scottish footballer) is affiliated to Partick Thistle F.C.
Andy Thomson (Scottish footballer) is affiliated to Stenhousemuir F.C.
Andy Thomson (Scottish footballer) is affiliated to Southend United F.C.
Andy Thomson (Scottish footballer) is affiliated to Oxford United F.C.
Andy Thomson (Scottish footballer) is affiliated to Gillingham F.C.
Andy Thomson (Scottish footballer) is affiliated to Queens Park Rangers F.C.
Andy Thomson (Scottish footballer) is affiliated to Scotland national under-21 football team
Andy Thomson (Scottish footballer) is affiliated to Motherwell F.C.
Tim Danneberg is affiliated to Holstein Kiel
Tim Danneberg is affiliated to SV Sandhausen
Tim Danneberg is affiliated to Arminia Bielefeld
Tim Danneberg is affiliated to Eintracht Braunschweig
Tim Danneberg is affiliated to VfB Lübeck
Tim Danneberg is affiliated to SC Paderborn 07
Tim Danneberg is affiliated to VfL Osnabrück
Tim Danneberg is affiliated to FC St. Pauli
Tim Danneberg is affiliated to Germany national under-21 football team
Tim Danneberg is affiliated to Hamburger SV
Keith Quinn (footballer) is affiliated to Bluebell United F.C.
Keith Quinn (footballer) is affiliated to Longford Town F.C.
Keith Quinn (footballer) is affiliated to Sporting Fingal F.C.
Keith Quinn (footballer) is affiliated to Shelbourne F.C.
Keith Quinn (footballer) is affiliated to Monaghan United F.C.
Keith Quinn (footballer) is affiliated to Cork City F.C.
Keith Quinn (footballer) is affiliated to Central Coast Mariners FC
Keith Quinn (footballer) is affiliated to Sheffield United F.C.
Keith Quinn (footballer) is affiliated to Sheffield United F.C. Academy
Keith Quinn (footballer) is affiliated to Waterford United F.C.
Maksym Bilyi (footballer born 1989) plays for Ukraine national under-19 football team
Maksym Bilyi (footballer born 1989) plays for Ukraine national under-18 football team
Maksym Bilyi (footballer born 1989) plays for Ukraine national under-16 football team
Maksym Bilyi (footballer born 1989) plays for FC Metalist Kharkiv
Maksym Bilyi (footballer born 1989) plays for FC Zorya Luhansk
Maksym Bilyi (footballer born 1989) plays for FC Kharkiv
Maksym Bilyi (footballer born 1989) plays for FC Metalurh Zaporizhya
Maksym Bilyi (footballer born 1989) plays for FC Shakhtar Donetsk
Maksym Bilyi (footballer born 1989) plays for Ukraine national under-21 football team
Maksym Bilyi (footballer born 1989) plays for Ukraine national under-17 football team
Alex Rodrigo Dias da Costa is affiliated to Brazil national under-23 football team
Alex Rodrigo Dias da Costa is affiliated to Brazil national football team
Alex Rodrigo Dias da Costa is affiliated to PSV Eindhoven
Alex Rodrigo Dias da Costa is affiliated to Clube Atlético Juventus
Alex Rodrigo Dias da Costa is affiliated to A.C. Milan
Alex Rodrigo Dias da Costa is affiliated to Paris Saint-Germain F.C.
Alex Rodrigo Dias da Costa is affiliated to Santos F.C.
Alex Rodrigo Dias da Costa is affiliated to P.S.V. Eindhoven
Alex Rodrigo Dias da Costa is affiliated to Chelsea F.C.
Alex Rodrigo Dias da Costa is affiliated to Santos FC
Mahi Khennane is affiliated to GC Mascara
Mahi Khennane is affiliated to Nîmes Olympique
Mahi Khennane is affiliated to France national football team
Mahi Khennane is affiliated to Red Star F.C.
Mahi Khennane is affiliated to Algeria national football team
Mahi Khennane is affiliated to Nîmes Olympique F.C.
Mahi Khennane is affiliated to FC Lorient
Mahi Khennane is affiliated to Stade Rennais F.C.
Mahi Khennane is affiliated to Toulouse FC (1937)
Mahi Khennane is affiliated to F.C. Lorient
Aliou Cissé plays for Lille OSC
Aliou Cissé plays for CS Sedan Ardennes
Aliou Cissé plays for Nîmes Olympique
Aliou Cissé plays for Montpellier HSC
Aliou Cissé plays for Paris Saint-Germain F.C.
Aliou Cissé plays for Portsmouth F.C.
Aliou Cissé plays for Senegal national football team
Aliou Cissé plays for C.S. Sedan Ardennes
Aliou Cissé plays for Nîmes Olympique F.C.
Aliou Cissé plays for Birmingham City F.C.
Jürgen Gelsdorf was born in Duisburg
Jürgen Gelsdorf was born in Cologne
Jürgen Gelsdorf was born in Düsseldorf
Jürgen Gelsdorf was born in Essen
Jürgen Gelsdorf was born in Bergisch Gladbach
Jürgen Gelsdorf was born in Leverkusen
Jürgen Gelsdorf was born in Wuppertal
Jürgen Gelsdorf was born in Neuss
Jürgen Gelsdorf was born in Oberhausen
Jürgen Gelsdorf was born in Remscheid
Mirosław Dreszer is affiliated to GKS Tychy
Mirosław Dreszer is affiliated to Ruch Chorzów
Mirosław Dreszer is affiliated to GKS Katowice
Mirosław Dreszer is affiliated to SV Eintracht Trier 05
Mirosław Dreszer is affiliated to Zagłębie Lubin
Mirosław Dreszer is affiliated to VfL Osnabrück
Mirosław Dreszer is affiliated to Legia Warsaw
Mirosław Dreszer is affiliated to 1. FC Magdeburg
Mirosław Dreszer is affiliated to Poland national football team
Mirosław Dreszer is affiliated to Polonia Warsaw
José Mera is affiliated to Deportivo Pasto
José Mera is affiliated to Deportes Quindío
José Mera is affiliated to Independiente Medellín
José Mera is affiliated to Deportivo Cali
José Mera is affiliated to Millonarios Fútbol Club
José Mera is affiliated to Colombia national football team
José Mera is affiliated to Club Libertad
José Mera is affiliated to Caracas FC
José Mera is affiliated to Deportivo Pereira
José Mera is affiliated to Atlético Nacional
Bruno Bauer influences George Albert Wells
Bruno Bauer influences Max Stirner
Bruno Bauer influences Friedrich Engels
Bruno Bauer influences Bruno Bauer
Bruno Bauer influences Ernest Renan
Bruno Bauer influences Friedrich Nietzsche
Bruno Bauer influences Karl Marx
Bruno Bauer influences Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel
Bruno Bauer influences Ludwig Feuerbach
Bruno Bauer influences Jacques Derrida
Georgi Markov (footballer) plays for PFC Pirin Gotse Delchev
Georgi Markov (footballer) plays for PFC Botev Plovdiv
Georgi Markov (footballer) plays for Bulgaria national football team
Georgi Markov (footballer) plays for PFC Lokomotiv Sofia
Georgi Markov (footballer) plays for PFC Levski Sofia
Georgi Markov (footballer) plays for Trabzonspor
Georgi Markov (footballer) plays for Ergotelis F.C.
Georgi Markov (footballer) plays for PFC Lokomotiv Plovdiv
Georgi Markov (footballer) plays for PFC CSKA Sofia
Georgi Markov (footballer) plays for Bulgaria national under-21 football team
Chris Holroyd plays for Morecambe F.C.
Chris Holroyd plays for Chester City F.C.
Chris Holroyd plays for Macclesfield Town F.C.
Chris Holroyd plays for Stevenage F.C.
Chris Holroyd plays for Preston North End F.C.
Chris Holroyd plays for Cambridge United F.C.
Chris Holroyd plays for Rotherham United F.C.
Chris Holroyd plays for Brighton & Hove Albion F.C.
Chris Holroyd plays for Bury F.C.
Chris Holroyd plays for Crewe Alexandra F.C.
William Mocquet plays for CS Louhans-Cuiseaux
William Mocquet plays for Pau FC
William Mocquet plays for AS Moulins
William Mocquet plays for Bury F.C.
William Mocquet plays for Le Havre AC
William Mocquet plays for Rochdale A.F.C.
William Mocquet plays for Sunderland A.F.C.
William Mocquet plays for France national under-21 football team
William Mocquet plays for Le Havre A.C.
William Mocquet plays for Bolton Wanderers F.C.
Saidou Kébé plays for Dakar UC
Saidou Kébé plays for FC La Chaux-de-Fonds
Saidou Kébé plays for FC Locarno
Saidou Kébé plays for SR Delémont
Saidou Kébé plays for FC Zürich
Saidou Kébé plays for Senegal national football team
Saidou Kébé plays for Neuchâtel Xamax
Saidou Kébé plays for FC Sion
Saidou Kébé plays for FC Lugano
Saidou Kébé plays for Yverdon-Sport FC
Kelly Golebiowski is affiliated to Central Coast Mariners FC W-League
Kelly Golebiowski is affiliated to Sydney FC W-League
Kelly Golebiowski is affiliated to Australia women's national association football team
Kelly Golebiowski is affiliated to Washington Freedom
Kelly Golebiowski is affiliated to Hampton Roads Piranhas
Kelly Golebiowski is affiliated to Western Sydney Wanderers FC W-League
Kelly Golebiowski is affiliated to Canberra United FC
Kelly Golebiowski is affiliated to Western New York Flash
Kelly Golebiowski is affiliated to Melbourne Victory FC W-League
Kelly Golebiowski is affiliated to Boston Breakers
Jon Ashton is affiliated to Stevenage F.C.
Jon Ashton is affiliated to Rushden & Diamonds F.C.
Jon Ashton is affiliated to Oxford United F.C.
Jon Ashton is affiliated to Notts County F.C.
Jon Ashton is affiliated to Leicester City F.C.
Jon Ashton is affiliated to England national football C team
Jon Ashton is affiliated to Grays Athletic F.C.
Jon Ashton is affiliated to Cambridge United F.C.
Jon Ashton is affiliated to Kettering Town F.C.
Jon Ashton is affiliated to Luton Town F.C.
Jiří Lenko plays for SV Grödig
Jiří Lenko plays for SC Wiener Neustadt
Jiří Lenko plays for SKN St. Pölten
Jiří Lenko plays for Kapfenberger SV
Jiří Lenko plays for ASKÖ Pasching
Jiří Lenko plays for FC Zbrojovka Brno
Jiří Lenko plays for PFC Lokomotiv Mezdra
Jiří Lenko plays for SK Rapid Wien
Jiří Lenko plays for FK Austria Wien
Jiří Lenko plays for SK Austria Kärnten
Niels Vorthoren plays for S.B.V. Excelsior
Niels Vorthoren plays for Kozakken Boys
Niels Vorthoren plays for FC Den Bosch
Niels Vorthoren plays for Willem II (football club)
Niels Vorthoren plays for VV Capelle
Niels Vorthoren plays for SBV Excelsior
Niels Vorthoren plays for Feyenoord
Niels Vorthoren plays for NAC Breda
Niels Vorthoren plays for ADO Den Haag
Niels Vorthoren plays for FC Eindhoven
François Lemasson has gender male
François Lemasson has gender female
François Lemasson has gender Tomsk
François Lemasson has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
François Lemasson has gender United Kingdom
François Lemasson has gender Azerbaijan
François Lemasson has gender London Heathrow Terminal 3
François Lemasson has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
François Lemasson has gender Hong Kong
François Lemasson has gender Germany
Kevin Bartlett (English footballer) plays for Fareham Town F.C.
Kevin Bartlett (English footballer) plays for Portsmouth F.C.
Kevin Bartlett (English footballer) plays for West Bromwich Albion F.C.
Kevin Bartlett (English footballer) plays for Port Vale F.C.
Kevin Bartlett (English footballer) plays for Cambridge United F.C.
Kevin Bartlett (English footballer) plays for Cardiff City F.C.
Kevin Bartlett (English footballer) plays for Notts County F.C.
Kevin Bartlett (English footballer) plays for Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C.
Kevin Bartlett (English footballer) plays for Stoke City F.C.
Kevin Bartlett (English footballer) plays for Oxford United F.C.
Josip Colina plays for FC Concordia Basel
Josip Colina plays for FC Basel
Josip Colina plays for FC Lugano
Josip Colina plays for A.S. Varese 1910
Josip Colina plays for Grasshopper Club Zürich
Josip Colina plays for FC Wangen bei Olten
Josip Colina plays for FC Nordstern Basel
Josip Colina plays for Switzerland national football team
Josip Colina plays for FC Aarau
Josip Colina plays for FC Luzern
Luke Steele (footballer) plays for England national under-20 football team
Luke Steele (footballer) plays for England national under-19 football team
Luke Steele (footballer) plays for England national under-18 football team
Luke Steele (footballer) plays for Coventry City F.C.
Luke Steele (footballer) plays for Peterborough United F.C.
Luke Steele (footballer) plays for Manchester United F.C.
Luke Steele (footballer) plays for West Bromwich Albion F.C.
Luke Steele (footballer) plays for Barnsley F.C.
Luke Steele (footballer) plays for England national under-21 football team
Luke Steele (footballer) plays for England national under-17 football team
"Truckee, California is located in Nevada County, California"
"Truckee, California is located in California"
"Truckee, California is located in United States"
"Truckee, California is located in Sacramento metropolitan area"
"Truckee, California is located in Truckee, California"
"Truckee, California is located in El Dorado County, California"
"Truckee, California is located in Placer County, California"
"Truckee, California is located in Sierra Nevada (U.S.)"
"Truckee, California is located in Los Angeles County, California"
"Truckee, California is located in San Francisco Bay Area"
Stuart Lewis is affiliated to Barnet F.C.
Stuart Lewis is affiliated to England national under-16 football team
Stuart Lewis is affiliated to England national under-17 football team
Stuart Lewis is affiliated to England national football C team
Stuart Lewis is affiliated to Wycombe Wanderers F.C.
Stuart Lewis is affiliated to Tottenham Hotspur F.C.
Stuart Lewis is affiliated to Stevenage F.C.
Stuart Lewis is affiliated to Gillingham F.C.
Stuart Lewis is affiliated to Arsenal F.C.
Stuart Lewis is affiliated to Dagenham & Redbridge F.C.
Billy Halop acted in Sea Raiders
Billy Halop acted in Junior G-Men (serial)
Billy Halop acted in The Angels Wash Their Faces
Billy Halop acted in On Dress Parade
Billy Halop acted in Crime School
Billy Halop acted in Sky Raiders
Billy Halop acted in Junior G-Men of the Air
Billy Halop acted in They Made Me a Criminal
Billy Halop acted in Hell's Kitchen (1939 film)
Billy Halop acted in Riders of Death Valley
Roberto Di Maio plays for U.S. Castelnuovo Garfagnana
Roberto Di Maio plays for San Marino Calcio
Roberto Di Maio plays for A.S.G. Nocerina
Roberto Di Maio plays for S.E.F. Torres 1903
Roberto Di Maio plays for U.S. Catanzaro 1929
Roberto Di Maio plays for U.S. Lecce
Roberto Di Maio plays for L'Aquila Calcio 1927
Roberto Di Maio plays for S.S. Juve Stabia
Roberto Di Maio plays for A.C. Cesena
Roberto Di Maio plays for A.S. Avellino 1912
Zigor Aranalde plays for UD Almansa
Zigor Aranalde plays for CA Marbella
Zigor Aranalde plays for Albacete Balompié
Zigor Aranalde plays for CD Logroñés
Zigor Aranalde plays for SD Eibar
Zigor Aranalde plays for Sheffield Wednesday F.C.
Zigor Aranalde plays for Walsall F.C.
Zigor Aranalde plays for Carlisle United F.C.
Zigor Aranalde plays for Basque Country national football team
Zigor Aranalde plays for Sevilla FC
Javi García plays for Spain national under-19 football team
Javi García plays for Real Madrid C.F.
Javi García plays for Spain national under-16 football team
Javi García plays for Real Madrid Castilla
Javi García plays for CA Osasuna
Javi García plays for Spain national under-17 football team
Javi García plays for Manchester City F.C.
Javi García plays for S.L. Benfica
Javi García plays for Spain national under-21 football team
Javi García plays for Spain national under-20 football team
Daventry District is located in East Midlands
Daventry District is located in United Kingdom
Daventry District is located in United States
Daventry District is located in England
Daventry District is located in Lincolnshire
Daventry District is located in Nottinghamshire
Daventry District is located in Leicestershire
Daventry District is located in Derbyshire
Daventry District is located in Northamptonshire
Daventry District is located in India
Lekso Intskirveli is affiliated to FC Dila Gori
Lekso Intskirveli is affiliated to FC Kolkheti-1913 Poti
Lekso Intskirveli is affiliated to Karvan FK
Lekso Intskirveli is affiliated to FC WIT Georgia
Lekso Intskirveli is affiliated to FC Dinamo Tbilisi
Lekso Intskirveli is affiliated to Georgia national under-17 football team
Lekso Intskirveli is affiliated to Georgia national football team
Lekso Intskirveli is affiliated to Georgia national under-21 football team
Lekso Intskirveli is affiliated to FC Metalurgi Rustavi
Lekso Intskirveli is affiliated to FC Sioni Bolnisi
Silvan Thüler plays for FC Concordia Basel
Silvan Thüler plays for FC Solothurn
Silvan Thüler plays for Switzerland national football team
Silvan Thüler plays for FC Basel
Silvan Thüler plays for Switzerland national under-21 football team
Silvan Thüler plays for Grasshopper Club Zürich
Silvan Thüler plays for FC Luzern
Silvan Thüler plays for BSC Young Boys
Silvan Thüler plays for FC Zürich
Silvan Thüler plays for Servette FC
Sebastian Langkamp is affiliated to Hamburger SV II
Sebastian Langkamp is affiliated to FC Augsburg
Sebastian Langkamp is affiliated to Karlsruher SC
Sebastian Langkamp is affiliated to FC Bayern Munich II
Sebastian Langkamp is affiliated to Hertha BSC
Sebastian Langkamp is affiliated to FC Bayern Munich
Sebastian Langkamp is affiliated to Hamburger SV
Sebastian Langkamp is affiliated to Germany national under-21 football team
Sebastian Langkamp is affiliated to SC Preußen Münster
Sebastian Langkamp is affiliated to Germany national youth football team
Mladen Furtula has gender male
Mladen Furtula has gender female
Mladen Furtula has gender Azerbaijan
Mladen Furtula has gender United Kingdom
Mladen Furtula has gender London
Mladen Furtula has gender France
Mladen Furtula has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Mladen Furtula has gender Russia
Mladen Furtula has gender Germany
Mladen Furtula has gender New York City
Avi Ivgi is affiliated to Israel national beach soccer team
Avi Ivgi is affiliated to Hapoel Kfar Saba F.C.
Avi Ivgi is affiliated to Hapoel Rishon LeZion F.C.
Avi Ivgi is affiliated to F.C. Nazareth Illit
Avi Ivgi is affiliated to Maccabi Herzliya F.C.
Avi Ivgi is affiliated to Bnei Yehuda Tel Aviv F.C.
Avi Ivgi is affiliated to Hapoel Petah Tikva F.C.
Avi Ivgi is affiliated to Beitar Jerusalem F.C.
Avi Ivgi is affiliated to Maccabi Petah Tikva F.C.
Avi Ivgi is affiliated to Maccabi Haifa F.C.
Paul McGee (footballer born 1968) is affiliated to Kilkenny City A.F.C.
Paul McGee (footballer born 1968) is affiliated to St Patrick's Athletic F.C.
Paul McGee (footballer born 1968) is affiliated to Tolka Rovers F.C.
Paul McGee (footballer born 1968) is affiliated to Athlone Town A.F.C.
Paul McGee (footballer born 1968) is affiliated to Wimbledon F.C.
Paul McGee (footballer born 1968) is affiliated to Bohemian F.C.
Paul McGee (footballer born 1968) is affiliated to Republic of Ireland national under-21 football team
Paul McGee (footballer born 1968) is affiliated to Linfield F.C.
Paul McGee (footballer born 1968) is affiliated to Peterborough United F.C.
Paul McGee (footballer born 1968) is affiliated to Republic of Ireland national under-23 football team
Ramin Guliyev is affiliated to Azerbaijan national football team
Ramin Guliyev is affiliated to Shafa Baku
Ramin Guliyev is affiliated to Gabala FK
Ramin Guliyev is affiliated to AZAL PFK
Ramin Guliyev is affiliated to Neftchi Baku PFK
Ramin Guliyev is affiliated to Baku FC
Ramin Guliyev is affiliated to FK Standard Sumgayit
Ramin Guliyev is affiliated to Kapaz PFK
Ramin Guliyev is affiliated to MOIK Baku
Ramin Guliyev is affiliated to Inter Baku PIK
Jiří Jeslínek (footballer born 1987) plays for FK Bohemians Prague (Střížkov)
Jiří Jeslínek (footballer born 1987) plays for SK Kladno
Jiří Jeslínek (footballer born 1987) plays for FK Baník Most
Jiří Jeslínek (footballer born 1987) plays for SK Dynamo České Budějovice
Jiří Jeslínek (footballer born 1987) plays for FK Mladá Boleslav
Jiří Jeslínek (footballer born 1987) plays for AC Sparta Prague
Jiří Jeslínek (footballer born 1987) plays for FC Kryvbas Kryvyi Rih
Jiří Jeslínek (footballer born 1987) plays for Dukla Prague
Jiří Jeslínek (footballer born 1987) plays for Czech Republic national under-21 football team
Jiří Jeslínek (footballer born 1987) plays for FK Baumit Jablonec
"Luis García (footballer, born 1979) is affiliated to Atlético Madrid B"
"Luis García (footballer, born 1979) is affiliated to CF Rayo Majadahonda"
"Luis García (footballer, born 1979) is affiliated to Getafe CF"
"Luis García (footballer, born 1979) is affiliated to CD Numancia"
"Luis García (footballer, born 1979) is affiliated to Xerez CD"
"Luis García (footballer, born 1979) is affiliated to CD Tenerife"
"Luis García (footballer, born 1979) is affiliated to Real Zaragoza"
"Luis García (footballer, born 1979) is affiliated to SD Huesca"
"Luis García (footballer, born 1979) is affiliated to Atlético Madrid"
"Luis García (footballer, born 1979) is affiliated to Celta de Vigo"
Spectrum (arena) is located in Philadelphia
Spectrum (arena) is located in Pennsylvania
Spectrum (arena) is located in United States
Spectrum (arena) is located in New York City
Spectrum (arena) is located in California
Spectrum (arena) is located in Los Angeles
Spectrum (arena) is located in Chicago
Spectrum (arena) is located in Pittsburgh
"Spectrum (arena) is located in Washington, D.C."
Spectrum (arena) is located in Houston
Antoine Walker has gender male
Antoine Walker has gender female
Antoine Walker has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Antoine Walker has gender wordnet machinery 103701640
Antoine Walker has gender London Heathrow Terminal 3
Antoine Walker has gender wordnet chemical 114806838
Antoine Walker has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Antoine Walker has gender United Kingdom
Antoine Walker has gender César Award
Antoine Walker has gender Tomsk
Dai Davies (footballer born 1948) is affiliated to Bangor City F.C.
Dai Davies (footballer born 1948) is affiliated to Wales national football team
Dai Davies (footballer born 1948) is affiliated to Swansea City A.F.C.
Dai Davies (footballer born 1948) is affiliated to Wrexham F.C.
Dai Davies (footballer born 1948) is affiliated to Tranmere Rovers F.C.
Dai Davies (footballer born 1948) is affiliated to Everton F.C.
Dai Davies (footballer born 1948) is affiliated to Chester City F.C.
Dai Davies (footballer born 1948) is affiliated to Liverpool F.C.
Dai Davies (footballer born 1948) is affiliated to Wales national under-21 football team
Dai Davies (footballer born 1948) is affiliated to Cardiff City F.C.
Benny Hill is citizen of United Kingdom
Benny Hill is citizen of United States
Benny Hill is citizen of England
Benny Hill is citizen of France
Benny Hill is citizen of Australia
Benny Hill is citizen of Italy
Benny Hill is citizen of Scotland
Benny Hill is citizen of Germany
Benny Hill is citizen of India
Benny Hill is citizen of Canada
J. B. M. Hertzog has gender male
J. B. M. Hertzog has gender female
J. B. M. Hertzog has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
J. B. M. Hertzog has gender United Kingdom
J. B. M. Hertzog has gender Golden Globe Award
J. B. M. Hertzog has gender Turkey
J. B. M. Hertzog has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
J. B. M. Hertzog has gender Tomsk
J. B. M. Hertzog has gender Azerbaijan
J. B. M. Hertzog has gender Europe
Alfons Groenendijk is affiliated to Sparta Rotterdam
Alfons Groenendijk is affiliated to FC Utrecht
Alfons Groenendijk is affiliated to ADO Den Haag
Alfons Groenendijk is affiliated to A.F.C. Ajax
Alfons Groenendijk is affiliated to Roda JC Kerkrade
Alfons Groenendijk is affiliated to AFC Ajax
Alfons Groenendijk is affiliated to Jong Ajax
Alfons Groenendijk is affiliated to FC Den Bosch
Alfons Groenendijk is affiliated to Willem II (football club)
Alfons Groenendijk is affiliated to Manchester City F.C.
Dejan Vasić was born in Belgrade
Dejan Vasić was born in Kraljevo
Dejan Vasić was born in London
"Dejan Vasić was born in Mitrovica, Kosovo"
Dejan Vasić was born in Pristina
Dejan Vasić was born in Niš
Dejan Vasić was born in Sarajevo
Dejan Vasić was born in New York City
Dejan Vasić was born in Buenos Aires
Dejan Vasić was born in Chicago
Pablo Castro has gender male
Pablo Castro has gender female
Pablo Castro has gender United Kingdom
Pablo Castro has gender Tomsk
Pablo Castro has gender Azerbaijan
Pablo Castro has gender Hong Kong
Pablo Castro has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Pablo Castro has gender France
Pablo Castro has gender Paris
Pablo Castro has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
George Harkus plays for New Milton Town F.C.
George Harkus plays for Southampton F.C.
George Harkus plays for Boston United F.C.
George Harkus plays for Aston Villa F.C.
George Harkus plays for Southport F.C.
George Harkus plays for Olympique Lyonnais
George Harkus plays for England national football team
George Harkus plays for Newcastle United F.C.
George Harkus plays for Liverpool F.C.
George Harkus plays for A.F.C. Bournemouth
David Pisot is affiliated to SV Sandhausen
David Pisot is affiliated to Karlsruher SC
David Pisot is affiliated to FC Ingolstadt 04
David Pisot is affiliated to VfL Osnabrück
David Pisot is affiliated to SC Paderborn 07
David Pisot is affiliated to VfB Stuttgart
David Pisot is affiliated to VfB Stuttgart II
David Pisot is affiliated to de/Deutsche Fußballnationalmannschaft (U-19-Junioren)
David Pisot is affiliated to de/Deutsche Fußballnationalmannschaft (U-20-Männer)
David Pisot is affiliated to Germany national under-21 football team
Achille Emaná plays for Al Wasl FC
Achille Emaná plays for Al Ahli Club (Dubai)
Achille Emaná plays for Al-Hilal FC
Achille Emaná plays for Valencia CF
Achille Emaná plays for Toulouse FC
Achille Emaná plays for Cruz Azul
Achille Emaná plays for Cameroon national football team
Achille Emaná plays for Real Betis
Achille Emaná plays for Toulouse F.C.
Achille Emaná plays for Al-Wasl
Damián Lanza plays for Ecuador national football team
Damián Lanza plays for Deportivo Cuenca
Damián Lanza plays for Centro Deportivo Olmedo
Damián Lanza plays for Sociedad Deportiva Aucas
Damián Lanza plays for Manta Fútbol Club
Damián Lanza plays for Barcelona Sporting Club
Damián Lanza plays for U.S. Arezzo
Damián Lanza plays for Club Sport Emelec
Damián Lanza plays for U.S.D. Arezzo
Damián Lanza plays for Genoa C.F.C.
Haris Skenderović is affiliated to NK Jedinstvo Bihać
Haris Skenderović is affiliated to Syrianska FC
Haris Skenderović is affiliated to FK Krajina Cazin
Haris Skenderović is affiliated to Vasalunds IF
Haris Skenderović is affiliated to US Monastir
Haris Skenderović is affiliated to IK Sirius
Haris Skenderović is affiliated to Stabæk Fotball
Haris Skenderović is affiliated to Stabæk IF
Haris Skenderović is affiliated to AIK Fotboll
Haris Skenderović is affiliated to Djurgårdens I.F.
Edward von Kloberg III plays for Czech Republic national football team
Edward von Kloberg III plays for Czech Republic national under-21 football team
Edward von Kloberg III plays for AC Sparta Prague
Edward von Kloberg III plays for West Ham United F.C.
Edward von Kloberg III plays for A.F.C. Bournemouth
Edward von Kloberg III plays for Wycombe Wanderers F.C.
Edward von Kloberg III plays for Yeovil Town F.C.
Edward von Kloberg III plays for Leyton Orient F.C.
Edward von Kloberg III plays for SK Slavia Prague
Edward von Kloberg III plays for Czech Republic national under-17 football team
Radstadt is located in St. Johann im Pongau District
Radstadt is located in United States
Radstadt is located in Poland
Radstadt is located in Salzburg (state)
Radstadt is located in India
Radstadt is located in Bavaria
Radstadt is located in Slovenia
Radstadt is located in Radstadt
Radstadt is located in Japan
Radstadt is located in Iran
"Duanesburg, New York is located in Schenectady County, New York"
"Duanesburg, New York is located in United States"
"Duanesburg, New York is located in Poland"
"Duanesburg, New York is located in Japan"
"Duanesburg, New York is located in Canada"
"Duanesburg, New York is located in Iran"
"Duanesburg, New York is located in Spain"
"Duanesburg, New York is located in India"
"Duanesburg, New York is located in United Kingdom"
"Duanesburg, New York is located in Pomeranian Voivodeship"
Andriy Misyaylo has gender male
Andriy Misyaylo has gender female
Andriy Misyaylo has gender United Kingdom
Andriy Misyaylo has gender South Korea
Andriy Misyaylo has gender wordnet electronics 106099269
Andriy Misyaylo has gender United Arab Emirates
Andriy Misyaylo has gender Hong Kong
Andriy Misyaylo has gender Tomsk
Andriy Misyaylo has gender Azerbaijan
Andriy Misyaylo has gender Libya
Srđan Stanić (footballer born 1982) is affiliated to Kaposvári Rákóczi FC
Srđan Stanić (footballer born 1982) is affiliated to FK Hajduk Kula
Srđan Stanić (footballer born 1982) is affiliated to FK Sloga Kraljevo
Srđan Stanić (footballer born 1982) is affiliated to Diósgyőri VTK
Srđan Stanić (footballer born 1982) is affiliated to OFK Beograd
Srđan Stanić (footballer born 1982) is affiliated to Ferencvárosi TC
Srđan Stanić (footballer born 1982) is affiliated to FK Borac Čačak
Srđan Stanić (footballer born 1982) is affiliated to FC Spartak Moscow
Srđan Stanić (footballer born 1982) is affiliated to Spartak Moscow
Srđan Stanić (footballer born 1982) is affiliated to O.F.K. Beograd
"Mercersburg, Pennsylvania is located in Franklin County, Pennsylvania"
"Mercersburg, Pennsylvania is located in United States"
"Mercersburg, Pennsylvania is located in United Kingdom"
"Mercersburg, Pennsylvania is located in France"
"Mercersburg, Pennsylvania is located in Pennsylvania"
"Mercersburg, Pennsylvania is located in India"
"Mercersburg, Pennsylvania is located in California"
"Mercersburg, Pennsylvania is located in Texas"
"Mercersburg, Pennsylvania is located in Germany"
"Mercersburg, Pennsylvania is located in Canada"
Leonardo Ponzio is affiliated to Real Zaragoza
Leonardo Ponzio is affiliated to Newell's Old Boys
Leonardo Ponzio is affiliated to Club Atlético River Plate
Leonardo Ponzio is affiliated to Argentina national football team
Leonardo Ponzio is affiliated to Argentina national under-20 football team
Leonardo Ponzio is affiliated to C.A. River Plate
Leonardo Ponzio is affiliated to C.A. Newell's Old Boys
Leonardo Ponzio is affiliated to Argentina national under-17 football team
Leonardo Ponzio is affiliated to Boca Juniors
Leonardo Ponzio is affiliated to Estudiantes de La Plata
Frances Marion was born in Los Angeles
Frances Marion was born in New York City
Frances Marion was born in Chicago
Frances Marion was born in London
Frances Marion was born in San Francisco
Frances Marion was born in Philadelphia
Frances Marion was born in Boston
Frances Marion was born in Paris
Frances Marion was born in Milwaukee
Frances Marion was born in St. Louis
Alexander Östlund plays for IF Brommapojkarna
Alexander Östlund plays for AIK Fotboll
Alexander Östlund plays for Hammarby IF
Alexander Östlund plays for AIK Solna
Alexander Östlund plays for Sweden national football team
Alexander Östlund plays for Esbjerg fB
Alexander Östlund plays for Vitória S.C.
Alexander Östlund plays for Feyenoord
Alexander Östlund plays for Southampton F.C.
Alexander Östlund plays for IFK Norrköping
Gerrie Mühren has gender male
Gerrie Mühren has gender female
Gerrie Mühren has gender United Kingdom
Gerrie Mühren has gender Tomsk
Gerrie Mühren has gender wordnet chemical 114806838
Gerrie Mühren has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Gerrie Mühren has gender Azerbaijan
Gerrie Mühren has gender London Heathrow Terminal 3
Gerrie Mühren has gender César Award
Gerrie Mühren has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Markus Heppke is affiliated to FC Schalke 04 II
Markus Heppke is affiliated to de/Deutsche Fußballnationalmannschaft (U-19-Junioren)
Markus Heppke is affiliated to Rot-Weiß Oberhausen
Markus Heppke is affiliated to FC Schalke 04
Markus Heppke is affiliated to Wuppertaler SV
Markus Heppke is affiliated to de/Deutsche Fußballnationalmannschaft (U-17-Junioren)
Markus Heppke is affiliated to de/Deutsche Fußballnationalmannschaft (U-20-Männer)
Markus Heppke is affiliated to Rot-Weiss Essen
Markus Heppke is affiliated to Germany national youth football team
Markus Heppke is affiliated to Germany national under-21 football team
Milovan Sikimić plays for OFK Mladenovac
Milovan Sikimić plays for RC Strasbourg
Milovan Sikimić plays for En Avant de Guingamp
Milovan Sikimić plays for FK Partizan
Milovan Sikimić plays for FK Železničar Smederevo
Milovan Sikimić plays for F.K. Partizan
Milovan Sikimić plays for R.C. Strasbourg
Milovan Sikimić plays for Apollon Limassol
Milovan Sikimić plays for Yugoslavia national football team
Milovan Sikimić plays for FK Hajduk Kula
Philippe Toledo plays for FC Villefranche
Philippe Toledo plays for CF Gandía
Philippe Toledo plays for Levante UD B
Philippe Toledo plays for CD Guadalajara (Spain)
Philippe Toledo plays for AD Ceuta
Philippe Toledo plays for Valencia CF Mestalla
Philippe Toledo plays for Elche CF
Philippe Toledo plays for Real Zaragoza B
Philippe Toledo plays for FC Cartagena
Philippe Toledo plays for Real Jaén
Ivan Śleszyński is citizen of Poland
Ivan Śleszyński is citizen of Germany
Ivan Śleszyński is citizen of Austria-Hungary
Ivan Śleszyński is citizen of France
Ivan Śleszyński is citizen of United States
Ivan Śleszyński is citizen of United Kingdom
Ivan Śleszyński is citizen of German Empire
Ivan Śleszyński is citizen of Russian Empire
Ivan Śleszyński is citizen of Russia
Ivan Śleszyński is citizen of Italy
Mohd Azraai Khor Abdullah has gender male
Mohd Azraai Khor Abdullah has gender female
Mohd Azraai Khor Abdullah has gender Golden Globe Award
Mohd Azraai Khor Abdullah has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Mohd Azraai Khor Abdullah has gender United Kingdom
Mohd Azraai Khor Abdullah has gender London
Mohd Azraai Khor Abdullah has gender Turkey
Mohd Azraai Khor Abdullah has gender Hong Kong
Mohd Azraai Khor Abdullah has gender New York City
Mohd Azraai Khor Abdullah has gender wordnet chemical 114806838
Tony Kushner has gender female
Tony Kushner has gender male
Tony Kushner has gender Turkey
Tony Kushner has gender United Kingdom
Tony Kushner has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Tony Kushner has gender English language
Tony Kushner has gender Erasmus Prize
Tony Kushner has gender Azerbaijan
Tony Kushner has gender United States
Tony Kushner has gender Baku
Mason Trafford plays for Vancouver Whitecaps FC Residency
Mason Trafford plays for Vancouver Whitecaps (1986–2010)
Mason Trafford plays for Guizhou Zhicheng F.C.
Mason Trafford plays for IFK Mariehamn
Mason Trafford plays for Real Maryland F.C.
Mason Trafford plays for Canada men's national soccer team
Mason Trafford plays for Ottawa Fury FC
Mason Trafford plays for Canada men's national under-20 soccer team
Mason Trafford plays for Canada men's national youth soccer teams
Mason Trafford plays for Canada national soccer team
Thomas Pledl is affiliated to SpVgg Greuther Fürth
Thomas Pledl is affiliated to de/Deutsche Fußballnationalmannschaft (U-19-Junioren)
Thomas Pledl is affiliated to TSV 1860 München
Thomas Pledl is affiliated to SpVgg Greuther Fürth II
Thomas Pledl is affiliated to Germany national youth football team
Thomas Pledl is affiliated to de/Deutsche Fußballnationalmannschaft (U-17-Junioren)
Thomas Pledl is affiliated to Germany national under-21 football team
Thomas Pledl is affiliated to de/Deutsche Fußballnationalmannschaft (U-20-Männer)
Thomas Pledl is affiliated to TSV 1860 München II
Thomas Pledl is affiliated to Germany national football team
Marcílio Alves da Silva plays for Al-Akhaa Al-Ahli Aley
Marcílio Alves da Silva plays for Tripoli SC
Marcílio Alves da Silva plays for Imbituba Futebol Clube
Marcílio Alves da Silva plays for Lebanon national football team
Marcílio Alves da Silva plays for Bonsucesso Futebol Clube
Marcílio Alves da Silva plays for Associação Cultural Recreativa e Esportiva Atlético Cidade
Marcílio Alves da Silva plays for Bangu Atlético Clube
Marcílio Alves da Silva plays for Madureira Esporte Clube
Marcílio Alves da Silva plays for Hekmeh BC
Marcílio Alves da Silva plays for America Football Club (RJ)
Santiago Dellapè plays for L'Aquila Rugby
Santiago Dellapè plays for SU Agen Lot-et-Garonne
Santiago Dellapè plays for Biarritz Olympique
Santiago Dellapè plays for RC Toulonnais
Santiago Dellapè plays for Racing Métro 92
Santiago Dellapè plays for Benetton Rugby Treviso
Santiago Dellapè plays for Sale Sharks
Santiago Dellapè plays for Stade Français
Santiago Dellapè plays for Aironi
Santiago Dellapè plays for CS Bourgoin-Jallieu
County Laois is located in Port Laoise
County Laois is located in Republic of Ireland
County Laois is located in Leinster
County Laois is located in County Laois
County Laois is located in Ireland
County Laois is located in County Wexford
County Laois is located in County Dublin
County Laois is located in United States
County Laois is located in County Kildare
County Laois is located in Europe
Jirès Kembo Ekoko is affiliated to El Jaish SC
Jirès Kembo Ekoko is affiliated to Clairefontaine
Jirès Kembo Ekoko is affiliated to France national under-21 football team
Jirès Kembo Ekoko is affiliated to Stade Rennais F.C.
Jirès Kembo Ekoko is affiliated to Al Ain FC
Jirès Kembo Ekoko is affiliated to Paris Saint-Germain F.C.
Jirès Kembo Ekoko is affiliated to France national football team
Jirès Kembo Ekoko is affiliated to Olympique de Marseille
Jirès Kembo Ekoko is affiliated to France national under-19 football team
Jirès Kembo Ekoko is affiliated to F.C. Girondins de Bordeaux
The Cobbler (1923 film) is located in United States
The Cobbler (1923 film) is located in United Kingdom
The Cobbler (1923 film) is located in France
The Cobbler (1923 film) is located in Canada
The Cobbler (1923 film) is located in Germany
The Cobbler (1923 film) is located in India
The Cobbler (1923 film) is located in Italy
The Cobbler (1923 film) is located in Spain
The Cobbler (1923 film) is located in China
The Cobbler (1923 film) is located in Australia
José Ricardo Pérez plays for Once Caldas
José Ricardo Pérez plays for Independiente Medellín
José Ricardo Pérez plays for Atlético Nacional
José Ricardo Pérez plays for Junior F.C.
José Ricardo Pérez plays for Colombia national football team
José Ricardo Pérez plays for Independiente Santa Fe
José Ricardo Pérez plays for Junior de Barranquilla
José Ricardo Pérez plays for América de Cali
José Ricardo Pérez plays for Deportivo Cali
José Ricardo Pérez plays for Millonarios Fútbol Club
Niklas Tarvajärvi is affiliated to Finland national football team
Niklas Tarvajärvi is affiliated to Turun Palloseura
Niklas Tarvajärvi is affiliated to FC Jokerit
Niklas Tarvajärvi is affiliated to RoPS
Niklas Tarvajärvi is affiliated to SC Heerenveen
Niklas Tarvajärvi is affiliated to Go Ahead Eagles
Niklas Tarvajärvi is affiliated to De Graafschap
Niklas Tarvajärvi is affiliated to Finland national under-21 football team
Niklas Tarvajärvi is affiliated to Vitesse
Niklas Tarvajärvi is affiliated to MYPA
Leandro Torres plays for Santiago Wanderers
Leandro Torres plays for Newell's Old Boys
Leandro Torres plays for Godoy Cruz Antonio Tomba
Leandro Torres plays for Club Sport Emelec
Leandro Torres plays for Argentina national under-20 football team
Leandro Torres plays for Buriram United F.C.
Leandro Torres plays for C.A. Newell's Old Boys
Leandro Torres plays for Argentina national football team
Leandro Torres plays for Club Atlético River Plate
Leandro Torres plays for Argentina national under-17 football team
Giovanni Pasquale is affiliated to A.S. Livorno Calcio
Giovanni Pasquale is affiliated to Italy national under-21 football team
Giovanni Pasquale is affiliated to A.C. Siena
Giovanni Pasquale is affiliated to Parma F.C.
Giovanni Pasquale is affiliated to Inter Milan
Giovanni Pasquale is affiliated to Torino F.C.
Giovanni Pasquale is affiliated to Udinese Calcio
Giovanni Pasquale is affiliated to Torino F.C. 1906
Giovanni Pasquale is affiliated to Italy national football team
Giovanni Pasquale is affiliated to A.C. Milan
German Revolution of 1918–19 happened in German Empire
German Revolution of 1918–19 happened in Weimar Republic
German Revolution of 1918–19 happened in Germany
German Revolution of 1918–19 happened in Europe
German Revolution of 1918–19 happened in Holy Roman Empire
German Revolution of 1918–19 happened in United States
German Revolution of 1918–19 happened in France
German Revolution of 1918–19 happened in Central Europe
German Revolution of 1918–19 happened in Russian Empire
German Revolution of 1918–19 happened in United Kingdom
Gerry Ward (footballer) was born in London
Gerry Ward (footballer) was born in Harlow
Gerry Ward (footballer) was born in Watford
Gerry Ward (footballer) was born in Romford
Gerry Ward (footballer) was born in Luton
Gerry Ward (footballer) was born in Ipswich
Gerry Ward (footballer) was born in Cambridge
Gerry Ward (footballer) was born in Paris
Gerry Ward (footballer) was born in Leicester
Gerry Ward (footballer) was born in Birmingham
Sattrupai Sri-narong plays for Cha Choeng Sao F.C.
Sattrupai Sri-narong plays for RBAC F.C.
Sattrupai Sri-narong plays for Raj-Vithi F.C.
Sattrupai Sri-narong plays for BBCU F.C.
Sattrupai Sri-narong plays for TOT S.C.
Sattrupai Sri-narong plays for Bangkok United F.C.
Sattrupai Sri-narong plays for Osotspa Saraburi F.C.
Sattrupai Sri-narong plays for Buriram United F.C.
Sattrupai Sri-narong plays for Insee Police United F.C.
Sattrupai Sri-narong plays for Thailand national football team
Călin Moldovan is affiliated to FC Seso Câmpia Turzii
Călin Moldovan is affiliated to FCM Alexandria
Călin Moldovan is affiliated to CS Universitatea Cluj-Napoca
Călin Moldovan is affiliated to CF Liberty Oradea
Călin Moldovan is affiliated to FC Internațional Curtea de Argeș
Călin Moldovan is affiliated to FC Rapid București
Călin Moldovan is affiliated to FC Universitatea Cluj
Călin Moldovan is affiliated to FC Brașov
Călin Moldovan is affiliated to Romania national football team
Călin Moldovan is affiliated to ACF Gloria Bistrița
Ferhat Bıkmaz is affiliated to TSV Havelse
Ferhat Bıkmaz is affiliated to Turkey national youth football team
Ferhat Bıkmaz is affiliated to VfB Oldenburg
Ferhat Bıkmaz is affiliated to Turkey national under-20 football team
Ferhat Bıkmaz is affiliated to Hannover 96
Ferhat Bıkmaz is affiliated to Sivasspor
Ferhat Bıkmaz is affiliated to Turkey national under-17 football team
Ferhat Bıkmaz is affiliated to Akhisar Belediyespor
Ferhat Bıkmaz is affiliated to Turkey national under-21 football team
Ferhat Bıkmaz is affiliated to Turkey national under-19 football team
César Couceiro is affiliated to Villa Dálmine
César Couceiro is affiliated to Club Atlético Atlanta
César Couceiro is affiliated to Club Almagro
César Couceiro is affiliated to Club Atlético Nueva Chicago
César Couceiro is affiliated to Club Blooming
César Couceiro is affiliated to Club Atlético Huracán
César Couceiro is affiliated to Deportivo Laferrere
César Couceiro is affiliated to Boca Juniors
César Couceiro is affiliated to Argentina national football team
César Couceiro is affiliated to San Lorenzo de Almagro
René Vandereycken is affiliated to Belgium national football team
René Vandereycken is affiliated to K.S.C. Hasselt
René Vandereycken is affiliated to Club Brugge K.V.
René Vandereycken is affiliated to Club Brugge KV
René Vandereycken is affiliated to K.A.A. Gent
René Vandereycken is affiliated to K.R.C. Genk
René Vandereycken is affiliated to SpVgg Blau-Weiß 1890 Berlin
René Vandereycken is affiliated to R.S.C. Anderlecht
René Vandereycken is affiliated to Genoa C.F.C.
René Vandereycken is affiliated to Standard Liège
Richard J. Lipton works at Georgia Institute of Technology
"Richard J. Lipton works at University of California, Berkeley"
Richard J. Lipton works at Yale University
Richard J. Lipton works at Carnegie Mellon University
Richard J. Lipton works at Stanford University
Richard J. Lipton works at Massachusetts Institute of Technology
Richard J. Lipton works at Princeton University
Richard J. Lipton works at University of Chicago
Richard J. Lipton works at Harvard University
Richard J. Lipton works at Columbia University
Azeglio Vicini has gender male
Azeglio Vicini has gender female
Azeglio Vicini has gender Africa
Azeglio Vicini has gender Azerbaijan
Azeglio Vicini has gender United Arab Emirates
Azeglio Vicini has gender Turkey
Azeglio Vicini has gender Gabon
Azeglio Vicini has gender Tomsk
Azeglio Vicini has gender United Kingdom
Azeglio Vicini has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Öhringen is located in Hohenlohe (district)
Öhringen is located in Baden-Württemberg
Öhringen is located in Stuttgart (region)
Öhringen is located in United States
Öhringen is located in Bavaria
Öhringen is located in North Rhine-Westphalia
Öhringen is located in Tübingen (region)
Öhringen is located in Germany
Öhringen is located in Freiburg (region)
Öhringen is located in Rhineland-Palatinate
Ricky Diaco plays for Oakleigh Cannons FC
Ricky Diaco plays for Moreland Zebras FC
Ricky Diaco plays for Frankston Pines FC
Ricky Diaco plays for Melbourne Victory FC
Ricky Diaco plays for South Melbourne FC
Ricky Diaco plays for FC Bulleen Lions
Ricky Diaco plays for Altona Magic SC
Ricky Diaco plays for Heidelberg United FC
Ricky Diaco plays for Melbourne Victory F.C.
Ricky Diaco plays for Melbourne Knights FC
Harry Baker (footballer) is affiliated to Dover Athletic F.C.
Harry Baker (footballer) is affiliated to Bishop's Stortford F.C.
Harry Baker (footballer) is affiliated to Welling United F.C.
Harry Baker (footballer) is affiliated to Grays Athletic F.C.
Harry Baker (footballer) is affiliated to Leyton Orient F.C.
Harry Baker (footballer) is affiliated to Gillingham F.C.
Harry Baker (footballer) is affiliated to Billericay Town F.C.
Harry Baker (footballer) is affiliated to Southend United F.C.
Harry Baker (footballer) is affiliated to Thurrock F.C.
Harry Baker (footballer) is affiliated to Fisher Athletic F.C.
Morten Berre plays for Skeid Fotball
Morten Berre plays for FK Haugesund
Morten Berre plays for Norway national football team
Morten Berre plays for Viking FK
Morten Berre plays for Vålerenga Fotball
Morten Berre plays for FC St. Pauli
Morten Berre plays for Norway national under-21 football team
Morten Berre plays for Rosenborg BK
Morten Berre plays for IK Start
Morten Berre plays for Lillestrøm SK
Emiliano Mondonico is affiliated to A.C. Monza Brianza 1912
Emiliano Mondonico is affiliated to U.S. Cremonese
Emiliano Mondonico is affiliated to Torino F.C.
Emiliano Mondonico is affiliated to Atalanta B.C.
Emiliano Mondonico is affiliated to Torino F.C. 1906
Emiliano Mondonico is affiliated to A.C. Milan
Emiliano Mondonico is affiliated to Inter Milan
Emiliano Mondonico is affiliated to Italy national under-21 football team
Emiliano Mondonico is affiliated to Ascoli Calcio 1898
Emiliano Mondonico is affiliated to U.C. AlbinoLeffe
Gmina Buk is located in Poznań County
Gmina Buk is located in Greater Poland Voivodeship
Gmina Buk is located in Gmina Buk
Gmina Buk is located in United States
Gmina Buk is located in Poland
Gmina Buk is located in Masovian Voivodeship
Gmina Buk is located in Buk
Gmina Buk is located in Lublin Voivodeship
Gmina Buk is located in Lower Silesian Voivodeship
Gmina Buk is located in Europe
"Split Airport is connected to Oslo Airport, Gardermoen"
Split Airport is connected to Stockholm Arlanda Airport
Split Airport is connected to Göteborg Landvetter Airport
Split Airport is connected to Helsinki Airport
Split Airport is connected to Munich Airport
Split Airport is connected to Hamburg Airport
Split Airport is connected to Cologne Bonn Airport
Split Airport is connected to Copenhagen Airport
Split Airport is connected to Örebro Airport
"Split Airport is connected to Trondheim Airport, Værnes"
Lorgio Álvarez is affiliated to Oriente Petrolero
Lorgio Álvarez is affiliated to Club Blooming
Lorgio Álvarez is affiliated to Cerro Porteño
Lorgio Álvarez is affiliated to Club Bolívar
Lorgio Álvarez is affiliated to Club Atlético Independiente
Lorgio Álvarez is affiliated to Club Libertad
Lorgio Álvarez is affiliated to C.A. Independiente
Lorgio Álvarez is affiliated to Bolivia national football team
Lorgio Álvarez is affiliated to Paraguay national football team
Lorgio Álvarez is affiliated to The Strongest
Mathew Birley plays for Solihull Moors F.C.
Mathew Birley plays for Worcester City F.C.
Mathew Birley plays for King's Lynn F.C.
Mathew Birley plays for Tamworth F.C.
Mathew Birley plays for Birmingham City F.C.
Mathew Birley plays for Lincoln City F.C.
Mathew Birley plays for Bromsgrove Rovers F.C.
Mathew Birley plays for Kidderminster Harriers F.C.
Mathew Birley plays for Nuneaton Town F.C.
Mathew Birley plays for Redditch United F.C.
Tyler Arnason has gender male
Tyler Arnason has gender female
Tyler Arnason has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Tyler Arnason has gender Tomsk
Tyler Arnason has gender Hong Kong
Tyler Arnason has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Tyler Arnason has gender United Kingdom
Tyler Arnason has gender Azerbaijan
Tyler Arnason has gender London Heathrow Terminal 3
Tyler Arnason has gender Turkey
Kevin Smith created Chasing Amy
Kevin Smith created Mallrats
Kevin Smith created Clerks II
Kevin Smith created Dogma (film)
"Kevin Smith created Oh, What a Lovely Tea Party"
Kevin Smith created Jersey Girl (2004 film)
Kevin Smith created Good Will Hunting
Kevin Smith created Kevin Smith
Kevin Smith created Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (film series)
Kevin Smith created Fuck (film)
Billy Woods (Irish footballer) plays for Cork City F.C.
Billy Woods (Irish footballer) plays for Republic of Ireland national under-21 football team
Billy Woods (Irish footballer) plays for Portadown F.C.
Billy Woods (Irish footballer) plays for League of Ireland XI
Billy Woods (Irish footballer) plays for Shamrock Rovers F.C.
Billy Woods (Irish footballer) plays for Tranmere Rovers F.C.
Billy Woods (Irish footballer) plays for Coventry City F.C.
Billy Woods (Irish footballer) plays for Blackpool F.C.
Billy Woods (Irish footballer) plays for Republic of Ireland national under-17 football team
Billy Woods (Irish footballer) plays for Republic of Ireland national football team
Tibor Baranyai plays for BFC Siófok
Tibor Baranyai plays for Kecskeméti TE
Tibor Baranyai plays for Vasas SC
Tibor Baranyai plays for Budapest Honvéd FC
Tibor Baranyai plays for Videoton FC
Tibor Baranyai plays for Győri ETO FC
Tibor Baranyai plays for Ferencvárosi TC
Tibor Baranyai plays for Soproni VSE
Tibor Baranyai plays for Hungary national football team
Tibor Baranyai plays for MTK Budapest FC
Ross Gardiner is affiliated to Montrose F.C.
Ross Gardiner is affiliated to Arbroath F.C.
Ross Gardiner is affiliated to Dundee United F.C.
Ross Gardiner is affiliated to Bentleigh Greens SC
Ross Gardiner is affiliated to Dundee F.C.
Ross Gardiner is affiliated to Clyde F.C.
Ross Gardiner is affiliated to Aberdeen F.C.
Ross Gardiner is affiliated to Forfar Athletic F.C.
Ross Gardiner is affiliated to Scotland national under-21 football team
Ross Gardiner is affiliated to Ross County F.C.
Gerry Mulligan has musical role wordnet clarinet 103037709
Gerry Mulligan has musical role wordnet piano 103928116
Gerry Mulligan has musical role wordnet guitar 103467517
Gerry Mulligan has musical role wordnet vocal music 107282006
Gerry Mulligan has musical role wordnet sax 104141076
Gerry Mulligan has musical role wordnet synthesist 110687231
Gerry Mulligan has musical role wordnet flute 103372029
Gerry Mulligan has musical role wordnet harmonica 103494278
Gerry Mulligan has musical role wordnet keyboard 103614007
Gerry Mulligan has musical role wordnet bass guitar 102804123
Benny Lennartsson plays for BK Forward
Benny Lennartsson plays for Örebro SK
Benny Lennartsson plays for IFK Sundsvall
Benny Lennartsson plays for Côte d'Ivoire national football team
Benny Lennartsson plays for Ivory Coast national football team
Benny Lennartsson plays for Sweden national under-21 football team
Benny Lennartsson plays for Viborg FF
Benny Lennartsson plays for Fulham F.C.
Benny Lennartsson plays for Norway national under-21 football team
Benny Lennartsson plays for Sweden national football team
Fábio de Jesus Oliveira has gender male
Fábio de Jesus Oliveira has gender female
Fábio de Jesus Oliveira has gender Republican Party (United States)
Fábio de Jesus Oliveira has gender Democratic Party (United States)
Fábio de Jesus Oliveira has gender United Kingdom
Fábio de Jesus Oliveira has gender Turkey
Fábio de Jesus Oliveira has gender France
Fábio de Jesus Oliveira has gender Tomsk
Fábio de Jesus Oliveira has gender London
Fábio de Jesus Oliveira has gender Italy
Amleto Frignani is affiliated to A.C. Reggiana 1919
Amleto Frignani is affiliated to Genoa C.F.C.
Amleto Frignani is affiliated to Carpi FC 1909
Amleto Frignani is affiliated to A.C. Milan
Amleto Frignani is affiliated to Udinese Calcio
Amleto Frignani is affiliated to Italy national football team
Amleto Frignani is affiliated to Inter Milan
Amleto Frignani is affiliated to S.S.C. Napoli
Amleto Frignani is affiliated to Modena F.C.
Amleto Frignani is affiliated to A.S. Roma
Derek Doyle plays for Crumlin United F.C.
Derek Doyle plays for University College Dublin A.F.C.
Derek Doyle plays for St Patrick's Athletic F.C.
Derek Doyle plays for Athlone Town A.F.C.
Derek Doyle plays for Dundalk F.C.
Derek Doyle plays for Shelbourne F.C.
Derek Doyle plays for Republic of Ireland national under-19 football team
Derek Doyle plays for Cherry Orchard F.C.
Derek Doyle plays for Republic of Ireland national under-21 football team
Derek Doyle plays for Shamrock Rovers F.C.
Borys Paton has won prize USSR State Prize
Borys Paton has won prize Lenin Prize
Borys Paton has won prize Order of Lenin
Borys Paton has won prize Order of Liberty (Ukraine)
Borys Paton has won prize Order of Friendship of Peoples
Borys Paton has won prize Order of the October Revolution
Borys Paton has won prize Order of Prince Yaroslav the Wise
Borys Paton has won prize Lomonosov Gold Medal
Borys Paton has won prize Order of the Red Banner of Labour
Borys Paton has won prize Order of Friendship
Björn Kluft is affiliated to Rot Weiss Ahlen
Björn Kluft is affiliated to Bayer 04 Leverkusen II
Björn Kluft is affiliated to SC Preußen Münster
Björn Kluft is affiliated to Bayer 04 Leverkusen
Björn Kluft is affiliated to Eintracht Braunschweig
Björn Kluft is affiliated to SV Sandhausen
Björn Kluft is affiliated to Wuppertaler SV
Björn Kluft is affiliated to Germany national under-21 football team
Björn Kluft is affiliated to VfL Osnabrück
Björn Kluft is affiliated to SC Paderborn 07
"Dave Martin (footballer, born 1985) is affiliated to Dartford F.C."
"Dave Martin (footballer, born 1985) is affiliated to Southend United F.C."
"Dave Martin (footballer, born 1985) is affiliated to Luton Town F.C."
"Dave Martin (footballer, born 1985) is affiliated to Derby County F.C."
"Dave Martin (footballer, born 1985) is affiliated to Millwall F.C."
"Dave Martin (footballer, born 1985) is affiliated to Crystal Palace F.C."
"Dave Martin (footballer, born 1985) is affiliated to Walsall F.C."
"Dave Martin (footballer, born 1985) is affiliated to Notts County F.C."
"Dave Martin (footballer, born 1985) is affiliated to Brighton & Hove Albion F.C."
"Dave Martin (footballer, born 1985) is affiliated to Gillingham F.C."
Cherrie Ying acted in My Left Eye Sees Ghosts
Cherrie Ying acted in Throw Down (film)
Cherrie Ying acted in Fat Choi Spirit
Cherrie Ying acted in Election (2005 film)
Cherrie Ying acted in Ashes of Time
Cherrie Ying acted in Future Cops
Cherrie Ying acted in Election 2
Cherrie Ying acted in Exiled
Cherrie Ying acted in Triangle (2007 film)
Cherrie Ying acted in The Eagle Shooting Heroes
Tony Bond (footballer born 1913) plays for Bamber Bridge F.C.
Tony Bond (footballer born 1913) plays for Chorley F.C.
Tony Bond (footballer born 1913) plays for Accrington Stanley F.C. (1891)
Tony Bond (footballer born 1913) plays for Southport F.C.
Tony Bond (footballer born 1913) plays for Preston North End F.C.
Tony Bond (footballer born 1913) plays for Fleetwood Town F.C.
Tony Bond (footballer born 1913) plays for Blackburn Rovers F.C.
Tony Bond (footballer born 1913) plays for Bacup &amp; Rossendale Borough F.C.
Tony Bond (footballer born 1913) plays for Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C.
Tony Bond (footballer born 1913) plays for Torquay United F.C.
Matteo Serafini plays for A.S. Livorno Calcio
Matteo Serafini plays for Empoli F.C.
Matteo Serafini plays for S.S.D. Piacenza Calcio 1919
Matteo Serafini plays for Vicenza Calcio
Matteo Serafini plays for Brescia Calcio
Matteo Serafini plays for Calcio Catania
Matteo Serafini plays for U.S. Arezzo
Matteo Serafini plays for Aurora Pro Patria 1919
Matteo Serafini plays for U.S. Cremonese
Matteo Serafini plays for A.C. Siena
Pablo Couñago is affiliated to Spain national under-17 football team
Pablo Couñago is affiliated to Celta de Vigo
Pablo Couñago is affiliated to Spain national under-16 football team
Pablo Couñago is affiliated to Spain national under-18 football team
Pablo Couñago is affiliated to Recreativo de Huelva
Pablo Couñago is affiliated to Đồng Tâm Long An F.C.
Pablo Couñago is affiliated to Málaga CF
Pablo Couñago is affiliated to Spain national under-21 football team
Pablo Couñago is affiliated to Celta de Vigo B
Pablo Couñago is affiliated to R.C. Celta de Vigo
Sorin Rădoi plays for FC Chindia Târgoviște
Sorin Rădoi plays for CF Brăila
Sorin Rădoi plays for CS Universitatea Cluj-Napoca
Sorin Rădoi plays for FC Unirea Alba Iulia
Sorin Rădoi plays for FC Politehnica Timișoara
Sorin Rădoi plays for FC Unirea Urziceni
Sorin Rădoi plays for FC Sportul Studențesc București
Sorin Rădoi plays for FC Vaslui
Sorin Rădoi plays for FC Caracal
Sorin Rădoi plays for Romania national football team
Municipality of Cerklje na Gorenjskem is located in Gorenjska Statistical Region
Municipality of Cerklje na Gorenjskem is located in Upper Carniola
Municipality of Cerklje na Gorenjskem is located in Kranj
Municipality of Cerklje na Gorenjskem is located in Slovenia
Municipality of Cerklje na Gorenjskem is located in Municipality of Škofja Loka
Municipality of Cerklje na Gorenjskem is located in Ljubljana
Municipality of Cerklje na Gorenjskem is located in United States
Municipality of Cerklje na Gorenjskem is located in Municipality of Cerklje na Gorenjskem
Municipality of Cerklje na Gorenjskem is located in Municipality of Radovljica
Municipality of Cerklje na Gorenjskem is located in Domžale
Albano Bizzarri has gender male
Albano Bizzarri has gender female
Albano Bizzarri has gender Tomsk
Albano Bizzarri has gender United Kingdom
Albano Bizzarri has gender Golden Globe Award
Albano Bizzarri has gender United States
Albano Bizzarri has gender Hong Kong
Albano Bizzarri has gender United Arab Emirates
Albano Bizzarri has gender Paris
Albano Bizzarri has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Ján Slovenčiak is affiliated to MŠK Rimavská Sobota
Ján Slovenčiak is affiliated to FK Inter Bratislava
Ján Slovenčiak is affiliated to FC Spartak Trnava
Ján Slovenčiak is affiliated to R.E. Mouscron
Ján Slovenčiak is affiliated to FC Senec
Ján Slovenčiak is affiliated to Slovakia national football team
Ján Slovenčiak is affiliated to FC Petržalka 1898
Ján Slovenčiak is affiliated to ŠK Slovan Bratislava
Ján Slovenčiak is affiliated to FK DAC 1904 Dunajská Streda
Ján Slovenčiak is affiliated to MŠK Žilina
Ben Crawley plays for Austin Lone Stars
Ben Crawley plays for Palm Beach Pumas
Ben Crawley plays for TuS Celle FC
Ben Crawley plays for United States men's national under-20 soccer team
Ben Crawley plays for United States men's national under-17 soccer team
Ben Crawley plays for D.C. United
Ben Crawley plays for Richmond Kickers
Ben Crawley plays for United States men's national soccer team
Ben Crawley plays for United States men's national under-23 soccer team
Ben Crawley plays for New York Red Bulls
Rodrigo Silva dos Santos is affiliated to Águia de Marabá Futebol Clube
Rodrigo Silva dos Santos is affiliated to Paysandu Sport Club
Rodrigo Silva dos Santos is affiliated to Clube do Remo
Rodrigo Silva dos Santos is affiliated to Campinense Clube
Rodrigo Silva dos Santos is affiliated to Sport Club do Recife
Rodrigo Silva dos Santos is affiliated to Sociedade Esportiva e Recreativa Caxias do Sul
Rodrigo Silva dos Santos is affiliated to Clube de Regatas do Flamengo
Rodrigo Silva dos Santos is affiliated to Fortaleza Esporte Clube
Rodrigo Silva dos Santos is affiliated to Santa Cruz Futebol Clube
Rodrigo Silva dos Santos is affiliated to Clube Atlético Mineiro
Carl Friedrich Gauss works at University of Göttingen
Carl Friedrich Gauss works at University of Königsberg
Carl Friedrich Gauss works at Leipzig University
Carl Friedrich Gauss works at Humboldt University of Berlin
Carl Friedrich Gauss works at Humboldt University
Carl Friedrich Gauss works at University of Bonn
Carl Friedrich Gauss works at University of Erlangen-Nuremberg
Carl Friedrich Gauss works at University of Strasbourg
Carl Friedrich Gauss works at ETH Zurich
Carl Friedrich Gauss works at University of Cambridge
Sebastian Przyrowski is affiliated to Dyskobolia Grodzisk Wielkopolski
Sebastian Przyrowski is affiliated to Polonia Warsaw
Sebastian Przyrowski is affiliated to Levadiakos F.C.
Sebastian Przyrowski is affiliated to Poland national football team
Sebastian Przyrowski is affiliated to Legia Warsaw
Sebastian Przyrowski is affiliated to Górnik Zabrze
Sebastian Przyrowski is affiliated to Widzew Łódź
Sebastian Przyrowski is affiliated to Jagiellonia Białystok
Sebastian Przyrowski is affiliated to Odra Wodzisław
Sebastian Przyrowski is affiliated to GKS Bełchatów
Carlos Manuel Dias Saavedra plays for F.C. Barreirense
Carlos Manuel Dias Saavedra plays for Glyfada F.C.
Carlos Manuel Dias Saavedra plays for Doxa Katokopias F.C.
Carlos Manuel Dias Saavedra plays for G.D. Estoril Praia
Carlos Manuel Dias Saavedra plays for Nea Salamis Famagusta FC
Carlos Manuel Dias Saavedra plays for Odivelas F.C.
Carlos Manuel Dias Saavedra plays for Ermis Aradippou
Carlos Manuel Dias Saavedra plays for C.D. Trofense
Carlos Manuel Dias Saavedra plays for AEK Larnaca F.C.
Carlos Manuel Dias Saavedra plays for Cape Verde national football team
Andrew Devine is affiliated to Lochgelly United F.C.
Andrew Devine is affiliated to Scotland national football team
Andrew Devine is affiliated to Raith Rovers F.C.
Andrew Devine is affiliated to Heart of Midlothian F.C.
Andrew Devine is affiliated to Falkirk F.C.
Andrew Devine is affiliated to Cowdenbeath F.C.
Andrew Devine is affiliated to Shelbourne F.C.
Andrew Devine is affiliated to Arsenal F.C.
Andrew Devine is affiliated to Bradford City A.F.C.
Andrew Devine is affiliated to Scottish Football League XI
Nobuyuki Zaizen plays for Japan national under-17 football team
Nobuyuki Zaizen plays for Vegalta Sendai
Nobuyuki Zaizen plays for Muangthong United F.C.
Nobuyuki Zaizen plays for Montedio Yamagata
Nobuyuki Zaizen plays for BEC Tero Sasana F.C.
Nobuyuki Zaizen plays for Tokyo Verdy
Nobuyuki Zaizen plays for CD Logroñés
Nobuyuki Zaizen plays for Japan national football team
Nobuyuki Zaizen plays for HNK Rijeka
Nobuyuki Zaizen plays for H.N.K. Rijeka
René Müller plays for 1. FC Lokomotive Leipzig
René Müller plays for Dynamo Dresden
René Müller plays for FC Sachsen Leipzig
René Müller plays for Hallescher FC
René Müller plays for East Germany national football team
René Müller plays for de/VfB Leipzig
René Müller plays for 1. FC Nürnberg II
René Müller plays for VFC Plauen
René Müller plays for FC Rot-Weiß Erfurt
René Müller plays for FC St. Pauli
John Nutter plays for Woking F.C.
John Nutter plays for Stevenage F.C.
John Nutter plays for Ebbsfleet United F.C.
John Nutter plays for Grays Athletic F.C.
John Nutter plays for St Albans City F.C.
John Nutter plays for Aldershot Town F.C.
John Nutter plays for Gillingham F.C.
John Nutter plays for Lincoln City F.C.
John Nutter plays for England national football C team
John Nutter plays for Wycombe Wanderers F.C.
Gary Setchell is affiliated to King's Lynn F.C.
Gary Setchell is affiliated to A.F.C. Sudbury
Gary Setchell is affiliated to Wisbech Town F.C.
Gary Setchell is affiliated to King's Lynn Town F.C.
Gary Setchell is affiliated to Kettering Town F.C.
Gary Setchell is affiliated to Rushden & Diamonds F.C.
Gary Setchell is affiliated to Tamworth F.C.
Gary Setchell is affiliated to Boston United F.C.
Gary Setchell is affiliated to Cambridge United F.C.
Gary Setchell is affiliated to Peterborough United F.C.
Maksim Karpovich is affiliated to FC Naftan Novopolotsk
Maksim Karpovich is affiliated to FC Dnepr Mogilev
Maksim Karpovich is affiliated to FC Belshina Bobruisk
Maksim Karpovich is affiliated to FC Savit Mogilev
Maksim Karpovich is affiliated to FC Granit Mikashevichi
Maksim Karpovich is affiliated to FC Torpedo-BelAZ Zhodino
Maksim Karpovich is affiliated to FC Slavia-Mozyr
Maksim Karpovich is affiliated to FC Vorskla Poltava
Maksim Karpovich is affiliated to FC Gomel
Maksim Karpovich is affiliated to FC Shakhtyor Salihorsk
Mikheil Jishkariani is affiliated to FC Neftyanik Ufa
Mikheil Jishkariani is affiliated to FC Ameri Tbilisi
Mikheil Jishkariani is affiliated to Georgia national football team
Mikheil Jishkariani is affiliated to FC Dinamo Tbilisi
Mikheil Jishkariani is affiliated to FC Lokomotivi Tbilisi
Mikheil Jishkariani is affiliated to FC Krasnoznamensk
Mikheil Jishkariani is affiliated to FC KAMAZ Naberezhnye Chelny
Mikheil Jishkariani is affiliated to FC Dinamo Batumi
Mikheil Jishkariani is affiliated to FC Tskhumi Sukhumi
Mikheil Jishkariani is affiliated to FC Sokol Saratov
Simon King (footballer) has gender male
Simon King (footballer) has gender female
Simon King (footballer) has gender France
Simon King (footballer) has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Simon King (footballer) has gender Turkey
Simon King (footballer) has gender César Award
Simon King (footballer) has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Simon King (footballer) has gender Democratic Party (United States)
Simon King (footballer) has gender Paris
Simon King (footballer) has gender Ankara
Järva County is located in Estonia
Järva County is located in Järva County
Järva County is located in Europe
Järva County is located in Paide
Järva County is located in Harju County
Järva County is located in United States
Järva County is located in Ida-Viru County
Järva County is located in Tartu County
Järva County is located in Sweden
Järva County is located in Poland
Quique Flores is affiliated to Valencia CF
Quique Flores is affiliated to Spain national under-21 football team
Quique Flores is affiliated to Real Zaragoza
Quique Flores is affiliated to Real Madrid C.F.
Quique Flores is affiliated to Spain national under-23 football team
Quique Flores is affiliated to Spain national under-18 football team
Quique Flores is affiliated to Spain national football team
Quique Flores is affiliated to Valencia C.F.
Quique Flores is affiliated to Al Ahli Club (Dubai)
Quique Flores is affiliated to Getafe CF
Leo Lainer is affiliated to Sportverein Austria Salzburg
Leo Lainer is affiliated to SV Austria Salzburg
Leo Lainer is affiliated to F.C. Red Bull Salzburg
Leo Lainer is affiliated to Austria national football team
Leo Lainer is affiliated to FC Red Bull Salzburg
Leo Lainer is affiliated to FC Swarovski Tirol
Leo Lainer is affiliated to SK Rapid Wien
Leo Lainer is affiliated to FC Wacker Innsbruck
Leo Lainer is affiliated to FC Tirol Innsbruck
Leo Lainer is affiliated to FK Austria Wien
Ahmed Bahja plays for Kawkab Marrakech
Ahmed Bahja plays for Morocco national football team
Ahmed Bahja plays for Al Wasl FC
Ahmed Bahja plays for Raja Casablanca
Ahmed Bahja plays for Al-Hilal FC
Ahmed Bahja plays for Al Nassr FC
Ahmed Bahja plays for KAC Marrakech
Ahmed Bahja plays for Ittihad FC
Ahmed Bahja plays for MAS Fez
Ahmed Bahja plays for Al-Wasl
Shulamith Firestone died in New York City
Shulamith Firestone died in Los Angeles
Shulamith Firestone died in London
Shulamith Firestone died in Paris
"Shulamith Firestone died in Cambridge, Massachusetts"
Shulamith Firestone died in Chicago
Shulamith Firestone died in Boston
"Shulamith Firestone died in Washington, D.C."
Shulamith Firestone died in San Francisco
"Shulamith Firestone died in Santa Monica, California"
Marko Arnautović plays for Austria national under-19 football team
Marko Arnautović plays for Austria national under-21 football team
Marko Arnautović plays for FAC Team für Wien
Marko Arnautović plays for FK Austria Wien
Marko Arnautović plays for Jong FC Twente
Marko Arnautović plays for SV Werder Bremen
Marko Arnautović plays for Austria national football team
Marko Arnautović plays for FC Twente
Marko Arnautović plays for SK Rapid Wien
Marko Arnautović plays for First Vienna FC
Darren Stapleton plays for Egham Town F.C.
Darren Stapleton plays for Kildare County F.C.
Darren Stapleton plays for Leamington F.C.
Darren Stapleton plays for Solihull Moors F.C.
Darren Stapleton plays for Shamrock Rovers F.C.
Darren Stapleton plays for Republic of Ireland national under-21 football team
Darren Stapleton plays for Reading F.C.
Darren Stapleton plays for Cherry Orchard F.C.
Darren Stapleton plays for Guildford City F.C.
Darren Stapleton plays for Republic of Ireland national football team
City of Wakefield is located in West Yorkshire
City of Wakefield is located in Yorkshire
City of Wakefield is located in England
City of Wakefield is located in Wakefield (England)
City of Wakefield is located in United Kingdom
City of Wakefield is located in City of Wakefield
City of Wakefield is located in United States
City of Wakefield is located in North Yorkshire
City of Wakefield is located in City of Leeds
City of Wakefield is located in Kirklees
Timmy Simons plays for Lommel United
Timmy Simons plays for Club Brugge KV
Timmy Simons plays for K.F.C. Lommel S.K.
Timmy Simons plays for PSV Eindhoven
Timmy Simons plays for Belgium national football team
Timmy Simons plays for 1. FC Nürnberg
Timmy Simons plays for Club Brugge K.V.
Timmy Simons plays for KFC Diest
Timmy Simons plays for P.S.V. Eindhoven
Timmy Simons plays for 1. FC Nuremberg
Bo Derek created 10 (film)
Bo Derek created A Change of Seasons (film)
Bo Derek created Orca (film)
Bo Derek created Tommy Boy (film)
Bo Derek created Bo Derek
Bo Derek created What's New Pussycat?
Bo Derek created S.O.B. (film)
Bo Derek created Saturday Night Live
Bo Derek created Casino Royale (1967 film)
Bo Derek created The Story of Alexander Graham Bell
Koen Stam plays for SC Telstar
Koen Stam plays for FC Volendam
Koen Stam plays for SC Cambuur
Koen Stam plays for AZ Alkmaar
Koen Stam plays for S.B.V. Excelsior
Koen Stam plays for A.Z. Alkmaar
Koen Stam plays for SBV Excelsior
Koen Stam plays for Feyenoord
Koen Stam plays for Sparta Rotterdam
Koen Stam plays for Netherlands national football team
Shane Orio is affiliated to Belize national football team
Shane Orio is affiliated to Kulture Yabra FC
Shane Orio is affiliated to San Pedro Seahawks
Shane Orio is affiliated to Puntarenas F.C.
Shane Orio is affiliated to C.D. Suchitepéquez
Shane Orio is affiliated to C.D. Marathón
Shane Orio is affiliated to Asociación Deportiva Ramonense
Shane Orio is affiliated to Platense F.C.
Shane Orio is affiliated to C.S. Herediano
Shane Orio is affiliated to L.D. Alajuelense
Fallah Johnson is affiliated to Liberia Petroleum Refining Company Oilers
Fallah Johnson is affiliated to Monrovia Black Star Football Club
Fallah Johnson is affiliated to Liberia national football team
Fallah Johnson is affiliated to Persikab Bandung
Fallah Johnson is affiliated to Mighty Barrolle
Fallah Johnson is affiliated to Persik Kediri
Fallah Johnson is affiliated to Persita Tangerang
Fallah Johnson is affiliated to Invincible Eleven
Fallah Johnson is affiliated to Liberia Ship Corporate Registry Football Club
Fallah Johnson is affiliated to Persema Malang
Sigurður Grétarsson plays for Breiðablik UBK
Sigurður Grétarsson plays for Valur Football Club
Sigurður Grétarsson plays for FC Luzern
Sigurður Grétarsson plays for Grasshopper Club Zürich
Sigurður Grétarsson plays for Tennis Borussia Berlin
Sigurður Grétarsson plays for Iraklis Thessaloniki F.C.
Sigurður Grétarsson plays for Iceland national football team
Sigurður Grétarsson plays for FC 08 Homburg
Sigurður Grétarsson plays for Knattspyrnufélag Reykjavíkur
Sigurður Grétarsson plays for Iceland national under-21 football team
The All-New Super Friends Hour is located in United States
The All-New Super Friends Hour is located in United Kingdom
The All-New Super Friends Hour is located in Italy
The All-New Super Friends Hour is located in France
The All-New Super Friends Hour is located in India
The All-New Super Friends Hour is located in China
The All-New Super Friends Hour is located in Japan
The All-New Super Friends Hour is located in Germany
The All-New Super Friends Hour is located in Iran
The All-New Super Friends Hour is located in Canada
Robbie Savage (footballer born 1960) plays for Wrexham F.C.
Robbie Savage (footballer born 1960) plays for Liverpool F.C.
Robbie Savage (footballer born 1960) plays for Bradford City A.F.C.
Robbie Savage (footballer born 1960) plays for Bolton Wanderers F.C.
Robbie Savage (footballer born 1960) plays for Stoke City F.C.
Robbie Savage (footballer born 1960) plays for Knowsley United F.C.
Robbie Savage (footballer born 1960) plays for A.F.C. Bournemouth
Robbie Savage (footballer born 1960) plays for Tranmere Rovers F.C.
Robbie Savage (footballer born 1960) plays for Manchester City F.C.
Robbie Savage (footballer born 1960) plays for Blackpool F.C.
Ruben Schaken plays for SC Veendam
Ruben Schaken plays for SC Cambuur
Ruben Schaken plays for VVV-Venlo
Ruben Schaken plays for Feyenoord
Ruben Schaken plays for Netherlands national football team
Ruben Schaken plays for A.F.C. Ajax
Ruben Schaken plays for AZ Alkmaar
Ruben Schaken plays for A.Z. Alkmaar
Ruben Schaken plays for AFC Ajax
Ruben Schaken plays for FC Groningen
Cleavon Frendo plays for Malta national football team
Cleavon Frendo plays for Sliema Wanderers F.C.
Cleavon Frendo plays for Pietà Hotspurs F.C.
Cleavon Frendo plays for Valletta F.C.
Cleavon Frendo plays for Qormi F.C.
Cleavon Frendo plays for Malta national under-21 football team
Cleavon Frendo plays for Marsaxlokk F.C.
Cleavon Frendo plays for Lija Athletic F.C.
Cleavon Frendo plays for Torino F.C.
Cleavon Frendo plays for Birkirkara F.C.
Chakri (music director) created Desamuduru
Chakri (music director) created Amma Nanna O Tamila Ammayi
Chakri (music director) created Bhajantrilu
Chakri (music director) created Bujjigadu
Chakri (music director) created Jalsa
Chakri (music director) created Yogi (2007 film)
Chakri (music director) created Super (2005 film)
Chakri (music director) created Billa (2009 film)
Chakri (music director) created Baladur
Chakri (music director) created Bhagyalakshmi Bumper Draw
Davy Jordan is affiliated to Ards F.C.
Davy Jordan is affiliated to Glentoran F.C.
Davy Jordan is affiliated to Republic of Ireland national football team
Davy Jordan is affiliated to Crystal Palace F.C.
Davy Jordan is affiliated to Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C.
Davy Jordan is affiliated to Hull City A.F.C.
Davy Jordan is affiliated to Northern Ireland national football team
Davy Jordan is affiliated to Ireland national football team (1882–1950)
Davy Jordan is affiliated to Republic of Ireland national under-21 football team
Davy Jordan is affiliated to Linfield F.C.
Adam Gontier has musical role wordnet vocal music 107282006
Adam Gontier has musical role wordnet guitar 103467517
Adam Gontier has musical role wordnet piano 103928116
Adam Gontier has musical role wordnet bass guitar 102804123
Adam Gontier has musical role wordnet keyboard 103614007
Adam Gontier has musical role wordnet drum 103249569
Adam Gontier has musical role wordnet percussion 100545059
Adam Gontier has musical role wordnet synthesist 110687231
Adam Gontier has musical role wordnet harmonica 103494278
Adam Gontier has musical role wordnet bass 104986796
Fernando Morena is affiliated to Peñarol
Fernando Morena is affiliated to Uruguay national football team
Fernando Morena is affiliated to Club Atlético River Plate (Montevideo)
Fernando Morena is affiliated to Valencia CF
Fernando Morena is affiliated to Rayo Vallecano
Fernando Morena is affiliated to Huracán Buceo
Fernando Morena is affiliated to Boca Juniors
Fernando Morena is affiliated to Clube de Regatas do Flamengo
Fernando Morena is affiliated to Racing Club de Montevideo
Fernando Morena is affiliated to Real Murcia C.F.
Carlo Ponti has won prize David di Donatello
Carlo Ponti has won prize Golden Globe Award
Carlo Ponti has won prize César Award
Carlo Ponti has won prize Nastro d'Argento
Carlo Ponti has won prize Academy Award for Best Actor
Carlo Ponti has won prize Volpi Cup
Carlo Ponti has won prize Grammy Award
Carlo Ponti has won prize Tony Award
Carlo Ponti has won prize European Film Awards
Carlo Ponti has won prize Primetime Emmy Award
Fernando Chemin Radaelli is affiliated to Associação Atlética Internacional (Limeira)
Fernando Chemin Radaelli is affiliated to Associação Portuguesa de Desportos
Fernando Chemin Radaelli is affiliated to Centro Sportivo Alagoano
Fernando Chemin Radaelli is affiliated to NK Međimurje
Fernando Chemin Radaelli is affiliated to Coritiba Foot Ball Club
Fernando Chemin Radaelli is affiliated to São José Esporte Clube
Fernando Chemin Radaelli is affiliated to Associação Atlética Ponte Preta
Fernando Chemin Radaelli is affiliated to União Agrícola Barbarense Futebol Clube
Fernando Chemin Radaelli is affiliated to Sport Club Corinthians Paulista
Fernando Chemin Radaelli is affiliated to Guarani Futebol Clube
Hiroyuki Ishida plays for Fujieda MYFC
Hiroyuki Ishida plays for Balestier Khalsa FC
Hiroyuki Ishida plays for Shimizu S-Pulse
Hiroyuki Ishida plays for Ventforet Kofu
Hiroyuki Ishida plays for Sydney Olympic FC
Hiroyuki Ishida plays for Johor Darul Takzim F.C.
Hiroyuki Ishida plays for Tokyo Verdy
Hiroyuki Ishida plays for Perth Glory FC
Hiroyuki Ishida plays for Sagan Tosu
Hiroyuki Ishida plays for JEF United Ichihara Chiba
Kyle Bartley has gender male
Kyle Bartley has gender female
Kyle Bartley has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Kyle Bartley has gender Tomsk
Kyle Bartley has gender Azerbaijan
Kyle Bartley has gender César Award
Kyle Bartley has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Kyle Bartley has gender Russia
Kyle Bartley has gender Republican Party (United States)
Kyle Bartley has gender Turkey
A Missed Fortune is located in United States
A Missed Fortune is located in United Kingdom
A Missed Fortune is located in India
A Missed Fortune is located in Germany
A Missed Fortune is located in France
A Missed Fortune is located in Canada
A Missed Fortune is located in Spain
A Missed Fortune is located in Italy
A Missed Fortune is located in Poland
A Missed Fortune is located in California
Stéphane Grichting is affiliated to Switzerland national football team
Stéphane Grichting is affiliated to FC Sion
Stéphane Grichting is affiliated to Grasshopper Club Zürich
Stéphane Grichting is affiliated to AJ Auxerre
Stéphane Grichting is affiliated to A.J. Auxerre
Stéphane Grichting is affiliated to FC Lausanne-Sport
Stéphane Grichting is affiliated to Switzerland national under-21 football team
Stéphane Grichting is affiliated to Neuchâtel Xamax
Stéphane Grichting is affiliated to FC Basel
Stéphane Grichting is affiliated to FC Zürich
Takuro Nishimura plays for Kokushikan University
Takuro Nishimura plays for Omiya Ardija
Takuro Nishimura plays for Crystal Palace Baltimore
Takuro Nishimura plays for Urawa Red Diamonds
Takuro Nishimura plays for Consadole Sapporo
Takuro Nishimura plays for Portland Timbers (2001–10)
Takuro Nishimura plays for Tokyo Verdy
Takuro Nishimura plays for Japan national football team
Takuro Nishimura plays for Kawasaki Frontale
Takuro Nishimura plays for Vissel Kobe
Jonas Strifler is affiliated to TSG 1899 Hoffenheim
Jonas Strifler is affiliated to Karlsruher SC
Jonas Strifler is affiliated to Alemannia Aachen
Jonas Strifler is affiliated to Dynamo Dresden
Jonas Strifler is affiliated to de/Deutsche Fußballnationalmannschaft (U-17-Junioren)
Jonas Strifler is affiliated to de/Deutsche Fußballnationalmannschaft (U-19-Junioren)
Jonas Strifler is affiliated to SV Wacker Burghausen
Jonas Strifler is affiliated to Arminia Bielefeld
Jonas Strifler is affiliated to Germany national under-21 football team
Jonas Strifler is affiliated to Germany national youth football team
Francesco Parravicini is affiliated to S.S.D. Pro Sesto Calcio
Francesco Parravicini is affiliated to Novara Calcio
Francesco Parravicini is affiliated to A.S. Livorno Calcio
Francesco Parravicini is affiliated to A.C. Siena
Francesco Parravicini is affiliated to Atalanta B.C.
Francesco Parravicini is affiliated to U.S. Città di Palermo
Francesco Parravicini is affiliated to Parma F.C.
Francesco Parravicini is affiliated to A.C.D. Treviso 2013
Francesco Parravicini is affiliated to Inter Milan
Francesco Parravicini is affiliated to Treviso F.B.C. 1993
Steven Millhauser was born in New York City
Steven Millhauser was born in London
Steven Millhauser was born in Chicago
Steven Millhauser was born in Boston
Steven Millhauser was born in Paris
Steven Millhauser was born in Detroit
Steven Millhauser was born in Philadelphia
Steven Millhauser was born in San Francisco
Steven Millhauser was born in Cleveland
"Steven Millhauser was born in Newark, New Jersey"
Clive Whitehead is affiliated to Exeter City F.C.
Clive Whitehead is affiliated to Portsmouth F.C.
Clive Whitehead is affiliated to Bristol City F.C.
Clive Whitehead is affiliated to Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C.
Clive Whitehead is affiliated to West Bromwich Albion F.C.
Clive Whitehead is affiliated to Yeovil Town F.C.
Clive Whitehead is affiliated to Birmingham City F.C.
Clive Whitehead is affiliated to Southampton F.C.
Clive Whitehead is affiliated to Plymouth Argyle F.C.
Clive Whitehead is affiliated to Torquay United F.C.
Celâl Bayar has won prize Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
Celâl Bayar has won prize Medal of Independence (Turkey)
Celâl Bayar has won prize Order of the White Eagle (Poland)
Celâl Bayar has won prize Order of the Aztec Eagle
Celâl Bayar has won prize Order of the Rising Sun
Celâl Bayar has won prize Order of the White Rose of Finland
Celâl Bayar has won prize Order of Leopold (Belgium)
Celâl Bayar has won prize Order of the Crown (Belgium)
Celâl Bayar has won prize Order of the Liberator
Celâl Bayar has won prize Order of Prince Yaroslav the Wise
Robert Burbano is affiliated to Club Deportivo ESPOLI
Robert Burbano is affiliated to Centro Deportivo Olmedo
Robert Burbano is affiliated to Club Deportivo El Nacional
Robert Burbano is affiliated to Ecuador national football team
Robert Burbano is affiliated to Universidad Católica del Ecuador
Robert Burbano is affiliated to Club Deportivo Quevedo
Robert Burbano is affiliated to LDU Portoviejo
Robert Burbano is affiliated to LDU Quito
Robert Burbano is affiliated to Deportivo Cuenca
Robert Burbano is affiliated to Deportivo Quito
Poseidon (film) is located in United States
Poseidon (film) is located in United Kingdom
Poseidon (film) is located in Canada
Poseidon (film) is located in India
Poseidon (film) is located in Germany
Poseidon (film) is located in France
Poseidon (film) is located in China
Poseidon (film) is located in Japan
Poseidon (film) is located in Italy
Poseidon (film) is located in Hong Kong
Luboš Kubík is affiliated to AFK Atlantic Lázně Bohdaneč
Luboš Kubík is affiliated to FC Hradec Králové
Luboš Kubík is affiliated to Czech Republic national football team
Luboš Kubík is affiliated to SK Slavia Prague
Luboš Kubík is affiliated to Czechoslovakia national football team
Luboš Kubík is affiliated to FC Metz
Luboš Kubík is affiliated to Chicago Fire Soccer Club
Luboš Kubík is affiliated to 1. FC Nürnberg
Luboš Kubík is affiliated to ACF Fiorentina
Luboš Kubík is affiliated to 1. FC Nuremberg
Juan Pablo Montes has gender male
Juan Pablo Montes has gender female
Juan Pablo Montes has gender Azerbaijan
Juan Pablo Montes has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Juan Pablo Montes has gender Golden Globe Award
Juan Pablo Montes has gender Hong Kong
Juan Pablo Montes has gender United Kingdom
Juan Pablo Montes has gender Turkey
Juan Pablo Montes has gender Tomsk
Juan Pablo Montes has gender Labour Party (UK)
Lasse Sørensen is affiliated to FC Roskilde
Lasse Sørensen is affiliated to Ølstykke FC
Lasse Sørensen is affiliated to Næstved BK
Lasse Sørensen is affiliated to Boldklubben Frem
Lasse Sørensen is affiliated to AC Horsens
Lasse Sørensen is affiliated to Hellerup IK
Lasse Sørensen is affiliated to Køge BK
Lasse Sørensen is affiliated to Lyngby Boldklub
Lasse Sørensen is affiliated to FC Nordsjælland
Lasse Sørensen is affiliated to FC Helsingør
Yordan Petkov plays for F.C. Etar
Yordan Petkov plays for Ermis Aradippou
Yordan Petkov plays for PFC Lokomotiv Sofia
Yordan Petkov plays for FC Vorskla Poltava
Yordan Petkov plays for Samsunspor
Yordan Petkov plays for Bulgaria national football team
Yordan Petkov plays for PFC Slavia Sofia
Yordan Petkov plays for PFC CSKA Sofia
Yordan Petkov plays for PFC Levski Sofia
Yordan Petkov plays for PFC Beroe Stara Zagora
Mihai Guriță is affiliated to Foresta Fălticeni
Mihai Guriță is affiliated to FC Cetatea Suceava
Mihai Guriță is affiliated to FC Gloria Buzău
Mihai Guriță is affiliated to FC Oțelul Galați
Mihai Guriță is affiliated to FC Steaua București
Mihai Guriță is affiliated to FC Farul Constanța
Mihai Guriță is affiliated to F.C. Steaua Bucureşti
Mihai Guriță is affiliated to Romania national football team
Mihai Guriță is affiliated to FC Steaua II București
Mihai Guriță is affiliated to FCM Bacău
Romulus Miclea was born in Craiova
Romulus Miclea was born in Reșița
Romulus Miclea was born in Bucharest
Romulus Miclea was born in Mediaș
Romulus Miclea was born in Câmpia Turzii
Romulus Miclea was born in Târgu Mureș
Romulus Miclea was born in Cluj-Napoca
Romulus Miclea was born in Sibiu
Romulus Miclea was born in Brașov
Romulus Miclea was born in Timișoara
Serhiy Mizin is affiliated to FC CSKA Kyiv
Serhiy Mizin is affiliated to FC Dynamo-2 Kyiv
Serhiy Mizin is affiliated to FC Arsenal Kyiv
Serhiy Mizin is affiliated to FC Kharkiv
Serhiy Mizin is affiliated to Ukraine national football team
Serhiy Mizin is affiliated to FC Naftovyk-Ukrnafta Okhtyrka
Serhiy Mizin is affiliated to FC Kryvbas Kryvyi Rih
Serhiy Mizin is affiliated to FC Lviv
Serhiy Mizin is affiliated to F.C. Dynamo Kyiv
Serhiy Mizin is affiliated to FC Karpaty Lviv
Leandro Samaroni is affiliated to FC Arsenal Tula
Leandro Samaroni is affiliated to FC Spartak Moscow
Leandro Samaroni is affiliated to FC Torpedo Moscow
Leandro Samaroni is affiliated to FC Krylia Sovetov Samara
Leandro Samaroni is affiliated to PFC CSKA Moscow
Leandro Samaroni is affiliated to Ituano Futebol Clube
Leandro Samaroni is affiliated to Vila Nova Futebol Clube
Leandro Samaroni is affiliated to Clube Atlético Bragantino
Leandro Samaroni is affiliated to Grêmio Foot-Ball Porto Alegrense
Leandro Samaroni is affiliated to FC Terek Grozny
Juan Guillermo Cuadrado is affiliated to Independiente Medellín
Juan Guillermo Cuadrado is affiliated to Colombia national football team
Juan Guillermo Cuadrado is affiliated to U.S. Lecce
Juan Guillermo Cuadrado is affiliated to Udinese Calcio
Juan Guillermo Cuadrado is affiliated to ACF Fiorentina
Juan Guillermo Cuadrado is affiliated to A.C.F. Fiorentina
Juan Guillermo Cuadrado is affiliated to Deportivo Cali
Juan Guillermo Cuadrado is affiliated to Atlético Nacional
Juan Guillermo Cuadrado is affiliated to S.S.C. Napoli
Juan Guillermo Cuadrado is affiliated to Independiente Santa Fe
Michalis Klokidis plays for Makedonikos F.C.
Michalis Klokidis plays for Rodos F.C.
Michalis Klokidis plays for Thrasyvoulos F.C.
Michalis Klokidis plays for Levadiakos F.C.
Michalis Klokidis plays for Asteras Tripoli F.C.
Michalis Klokidis plays for Korinthos F.C.
Michalis Klokidis plays for PAE Kerkyra
Michalis Klokidis plays for Olympiacos Volou 1937 F.C.
Michalis Klokidis plays for Paniliakos F.C.
Michalis Klokidis plays for Panetolikos F.C.
Goran Karanović is affiliated to SC Kriens
Goran Karanović is affiliated to FC Wohlen
Goran Karanović is affiliated to FC Luzern
Goran Karanović is affiliated to Switzerland national under-21 football team
Goran Karanović is affiliated to FC St. Gallen
Goran Karanović is affiliated to Servette FC
Goran Karanović is affiliated to Grasshopper Club Zürich
Goran Karanović is affiliated to Switzerland national football team
Goran Karanović is affiliated to FC Winterthur
Goran Karanović is affiliated to FC Zürich
Kalifa Cissé is affiliated to Toulouse FC
Kalifa Cissé is affiliated to Bangkok United F.C.
Kalifa Cissé is affiliated to Boavista F.C.
Kalifa Cissé is affiliated to G.D. Estoril Praia
Kalifa Cissé is affiliated to Mali national football team
Kalifa Cissé is affiliated to New England Revolution
Kalifa Cissé is affiliated to Bristol City F.C.
Kalifa Cissé is affiliated to Toulouse F.C.
Kalifa Cissé is affiliated to Reading F.C.
Kalifa Cissé is affiliated to Derby County F.C.
Martin Petráš plays for FC Baník Horná Nitra
Martin Petráš plays for A.C.D. Treviso 2013
Martin Petráš plays for Unione Triestina 2012 S.S.D.
Martin Petráš plays for A.C. Cesena
Martin Petráš plays for U.S. Grosseto F.C.
Martin Petráš plays for AC Sparta Prague
Martin Petráš plays for U.S. Lecce
Martin Petráš plays for Slovakia national football team
Martin Petráš plays for Heart of Midlothian F.C.
Martin Petráš plays for FK Baumit Jablonec
Emmanuel Clottey is affiliated to Sekondi Wise Fighters
Emmanuel Clottey is affiliated to Ghana national football team
Emmanuel Clottey is affiliated to Berekum Chelsea F.C.
Emmanuel Clottey is affiliated to Ghana national under-20 football team
Emmanuel Clottey is affiliated to Great Olympics
Emmanuel Clottey is affiliated to Ghana national under-23 football team
Emmanuel Clottey is affiliated to FC Wacker Innsbruck (2002)
Emmanuel Clottey is affiliated to Tema Youth
Emmanuel Clottey is affiliated to Al Dhafra Club
Emmanuel Clottey is affiliated to F.C. Wacker Innsbruck
"Edmond, Oklahoma is located in Oklahoma County, Oklahoma"
"Edmond, Oklahoma is located in United States"
"Edmond, Oklahoma is located in Oklahoma"
"Edmond, Oklahoma is located in United Kingdom"
"Edmond, Oklahoma is located in Edmond, Oklahoma"
"Edmond, Oklahoma is located in Canada"
"Edmond, Oklahoma is located in Indiana"
"Edmond, Oklahoma is located in Germany"
"Edmond, Oklahoma is located in Spain"
"Edmond, Oklahoma is located in France"
Champigny-sur-Marne is located in Île-de-France
Champigny-sur-Marne is located in France
Champigny-sur-Marne is located in United States
Champigny-sur-Marne is located in Rhône-Alpes
Champigny-sur-Marne is located in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur
Champigny-sur-Marne is located in Brittany
Champigny-sur-Marne is located in Lorraine (region)
Champigny-sur-Marne is located in Brazil
Champigny-sur-Marne is located in Poland
Champigny-sur-Marne is located in Italy
Francisco Diego Maciel plays for Deportivo Español
Francisco Diego Maciel plays for Club Bolívar
Francisco Diego Maciel plays for Real Murcia
Francisco Diego Maciel plays for Club Atlético Huracán
Francisco Diego Maciel plays for Racing Club de Avellaneda
Francisco Diego Maciel plays for RCD Mallorca
Francisco Diego Maciel plays for Club Almagro
Francisco Diego Maciel plays for R.C.D. Mallorca
Francisco Diego Maciel plays for Real Murcia C.F.
Francisco Diego Maciel plays for San Lorenzo de Almagro
Andy Martin (footballer) plays for Croydon Athletic F.C.
Andy Martin (footballer) plays for Leatherhead F.C.
Andy Martin (footballer) plays for Cray Wanderers F.C.
Andy Martin (footballer) plays for Tooting & Mitcham United F.C.
Andy Martin (footballer) plays for Maidstone United F.C.
Andy Martin (footballer) plays for Whyteleafe F.C.
Andy Martin (footballer) plays for Fisher Athletic F.C.
Andy Martin (footballer) plays for Dulwich Hamlet F.C.
Andy Martin (footballer) plays for Crystal Palace F.C.
Andy Martin (footballer) plays for Sutton United F.C.
Jacek Grembocki is affiliated to Elana Toruń
Jacek Grembocki is affiliated to Lechia Gdańsk
Jacek Grembocki is affiliated to Wisła Płock
Jacek Grembocki is affiliated to Bałtyk Gdynia
Jacek Grembocki is affiliated to Caracas FC
Jacek Grembocki is affiliated to Poland national football team
Jacek Grembocki is affiliated to Polonia Warsaw
Jacek Grembocki is affiliated to Znicz Pruszków
Jacek Grembocki is affiliated to Górnik Zabrze
Jacek Grembocki is affiliated to VfL Osnabrück
John Abbott has gender male
John Abbott has gender female
John Abbott has gender Turkey
John Abbott has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
John Abbott has gender English language
John Abbott has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
John Abbott has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
John Abbott has gender Azerbaijan
John Abbott has gender Brazil
John Abbott has gender Erasmus Prize
Yann Kermorgant plays for Vannes OC
Yann Kermorgant plays for SO Châtellerault
Yann Kermorgant plays for AC Arles-Avignon
Yann Kermorgant plays for Brittany national football team
Yann Kermorgant plays for Stade de Reims
Yann Kermorgant plays for Grenoble Foot 38
Yann Kermorgant plays for Charlton Athletic F.C.
Yann Kermorgant plays for A.F.C. Bournemouth
Yann Kermorgant plays for Leicester City F.C.
Yann Kermorgant plays for Portsmouth F.C.
Michael Spillane (footballer) plays for Sutton United F.C.
Michael Spillane (footballer) plays for Dagenham & Redbridge F.C.
Michael Spillane (footballer) plays for Southend United F.C.
Michael Spillane (footballer) plays for Brentford F.C.
Michael Spillane (footballer) plays for Luton Town F.C.
Michael Spillane (footballer) plays for Norwich City F.C.
Michael Spillane (footballer) plays for Republic of Ireland national under-21 football team
Michael Spillane (footballer) plays for Cambridge United F.C.
Michael Spillane (footballer) plays for Leyton Orient F.C.
Michael Spillane (footballer) plays for Colchester United F.C.
Gordon Gunson is affiliated to Nelson F.C.
Gordon Gunson is affiliated to Sunderland A.F.C.
Gordon Gunson is affiliated to Wrexham F.C.
Gordon Gunson is affiliated to Liverpool F.C.
Gordon Gunson is affiliated to Swindon Town F.C.
Gordon Gunson is affiliated to Tranmere Rovers F.C.
Gordon Gunson is affiliated to England national football team
Gordon Gunson is affiliated to Manchester City F.C.
Gordon Gunson is affiliated to Huddersfield Town F.C.
Gordon Gunson is affiliated to Manchester United F.C.
Erik Hagen has gender male
Erik Hagen has gender female
Erik Hagen has gender United Kingdom
Erik Hagen has gender France
Erik Hagen has gender United States
Erik Hagen has gender Italy
Erik Hagen has gender Tomsk
Erik Hagen has gender Bulgaria
Erik Hagen has gender Azerbaijan
Erik Hagen has gender Hong Kong
Michel Dussuyer has gender male
Michel Dussuyer has gender female
Michel Dussuyer has gender Tomsk
Michel Dussuyer has gender César Award
Michel Dussuyer has gender Azerbaijan
Michel Dussuyer has gender Hong Kong
Michel Dussuyer has gender United States
Michel Dussuyer has gender United Kingdom
Michel Dussuyer has gender Democratic Party (United States)
Michel Dussuyer has gender Turkey
Óscar García Junyent is affiliated to FC Barcelona B
Óscar García Junyent is affiliated to FC Barcelona
Óscar García Junyent is affiliated to RCD Espanyol
Óscar García Junyent is affiliated to Valencia CF
Óscar García Junyent is affiliated to UE Lleida
Óscar García Junyent is affiliated to Spain national under-21 football team
Óscar García Junyent is affiliated to Albacete Balompié
Óscar García Junyent is affiliated to Spain national under-19 football team
Óscar García Junyent is affiliated to Spain national under-20 football team
Óscar García Junyent is affiliated to Spain national under-23 football team
Argentine Army participated in Pikysyry maneuver
Argentine Army participated in Battle of Yatay
Argentine Army participated in Revolución Libertadora
Argentine Army participated in Paraguayan War
Argentine Army participated in Platine War
Argentine Army participated in Battle of Caseros
Argentine Army participated in Argentine War of Independence
Argentine Army participated in Great War (Harry Turtledove)
Argentine Army participated in Cabanagem
Argentine Army participated in Spanish American wars of independence
Brian Borrows plays for Everton F.C.
Brian Borrows plays for Bristol City F.C.
Brian Borrows plays for Coventry City F.C.
Brian Borrows plays for Swindon Town F.C.
Brian Borrows plays for Bolton Wanderers F.C.
Brian Borrows plays for England national under-21 football team
Brian Borrows plays for Birmingham City F.C.
Brian Borrows plays for Manchester City F.C.
Brian Borrows plays for Huddersfield Town F.C.
Brian Borrows plays for Liverpool F.C.
Kati Outinen has gender male
Kati Outinen has gender female
Kati Outinen has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Kati Outinen has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Kati Outinen has gender Azerbaijan
Kati Outinen has gender United Kingdom
Kati Outinen has gender South Yemen
Kati Outinen has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Kati Outinen has gender Bulgaria
Kati Outinen has gender wordnet electronics 106099269
Tyler Rosenlund plays for Canada men's national under-20 soccer team
Tyler Rosenlund plays for Surrey United Firefighters
Tyler Rosenlund plays for Canada men's national youth soccer teams
Tyler Rosenlund plays for UC Santa Barbara Gauchos men's soccer
Tyler Rosenlund plays for IFK Mariehamn
Tyler Rosenlund plays for Canada men's national soccer team
Tyler Rosenlund plays for Åtvidabergs FF
Tyler Rosenlund plays for Toronto FC
Tyler Rosenlund plays for Rochester Rhinos
Tyler Rosenlund plays for Toronto F.C.
Ivica Grlić has gender male
Ivica Grlić has gender female
Ivica Grlić has gender Tomsk
Ivica Grlić has gender United Kingdom
Ivica Grlić has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Ivica Grlić has gender César Award
Ivica Grlić has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Ivica Grlić has gender London Heathrow Terminal 3
Ivica Grlić has gender Turkey
Ivica Grlić has gender France
Edvin Murati is affiliated to Stade Briochin
Edvin Murati is affiliated to Lille OSC
Edvin Murati is affiliated to Iraklis Thessaloniki F.C.
Edvin Murati is affiliated to LB Châteauroux
Edvin Murati is affiliated to L.B. Châteauroux
Edvin Murati is affiliated to Paris Saint-Germain F.C.
Edvin Murati is affiliated to Lille O.S.C.
Edvin Murati is affiliated to Fortuna Düsseldorf
Edvin Murati is affiliated to Albania national football team
Edvin Murati is affiliated to Panserraikos F.C.
Alastair Reynolds has won prize Sidewise Award for Alternate History
Alastair Reynolds has won prize BSFA Award
Alastair Reynolds has won prize Nebula Award
Alastair Reynolds has won prize Prometheus Award
Alastair Reynolds has won prize World Fantasy Award
Alastair Reynolds has won prize Arthur C. Clarke Award
Alastair Reynolds has won prize John W. Campbell Memorial Award for Best Science Fiction Novel
Alastair Reynolds has won prize Theodore Sturgeon Award
Alastair Reynolds has won prize Bram Stoker Award
Alastair Reynolds has won prize Quill Award
Eric Young (footballer) is affiliated to Egham Town F.C.
Eric Young (footballer) is affiliated to Southall F.C.
Eric Young (footballer) is affiliated to Crystal Palace F.C.
Eric Young (footballer) is affiliated to Slough Town F.C.
Eric Young (footballer) is affiliated to Enfield 1893 F.C.
Eric Young (footballer) is affiliated to Wimbledon F.C.
Eric Young (footballer) is affiliated to Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C.
Eric Young (footballer) is affiliated to Wales national football team
Eric Young (footballer) is affiliated to Brighton &amp; Hove Albion F.C.
Eric Young (footballer) is affiliated to Reading F.C.
David Bayliss plays for Barrow A.F.C.
David Bayliss plays for Chester City F.C.
David Bayliss plays for Wrexham F.C.
David Bayliss plays for Luton Town F.C.
David Bayliss plays for Lancaster City F.C.
David Bayliss plays for Rochdale A.F.C.
David Bayliss plays for Southport F.C.
David Bayliss plays for Crewe Alexandra F.C.
David Bayliss plays for Northwich Victoria F.C.
David Bayliss plays for Blackpool F.C.
Epictetus has gender male
Epictetus has gender female
Epictetus has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Epictetus has gender London Heathrow Terminal 3
Epictetus has gender Independent (politician)
Epictetus has gender United Kingdom
Epictetus has gender Turkey
Epictetus has gender South Korea
Epictetus has gender Tomsk
Epictetus has gender Democratic Party (United States)
Gergő Jeremiás is affiliated to Bőcs KSC
Gergő Jeremiás is affiliated to Nyíregyháza Spartacus FC
Gergő Jeremiás is affiliated to Diósgyőri VTK
Gergő Jeremiás is affiliated to Debreceni VSC
Gergő Jeremiás is affiliated to Hungary national under-19 football team
Gergő Jeremiás is affiliated to Mezőkövesd-Zsóry SE
Gergő Jeremiás is affiliated to Rákospalotai EAC
Gergő Jeremiás is affiliated to Hungary national under-21 football team
Gergő Jeremiás is affiliated to Hungary national under-17 football team
Gergő Jeremiás is affiliated to Szolnoki MÁV FC
Christophe Grondin is affiliated to K.S.K. Ronse
Christophe Grondin is affiliated to Al-Faisaly FC (Harmah)
Christophe Grondin is affiliated to K.A.A. Gent
Christophe Grondin is affiliated to Cercle Brugge K.S.V.
Christophe Grondin is affiliated to Toulouse FC
Christophe Grondin is affiliated to Toulouse F.C.
Christophe Grondin is affiliated to Birmingham City F.C.
Christophe Grondin is affiliated to K.V. Kortrijk
Christophe Grondin is affiliated to R.S.C. Anderlecht
Christophe Grondin is affiliated to Standard Liège
Bruce Robinson created Jennifer 8
Bruce Robinson created The Simpsons
Bruce Robinson created Lost (TV series)
Bruce Robinson created Top Secret!
Bruce Robinson created Star Trek (film franchise)
Bruce Robinson created Police Squad!
Bruce Robinson created Jungle Book (1942 film)
Bruce Robinson created Star Spangled Rhythm
Bruce Robinson created Casino Royale (1967 film)
Bruce Robinson created High Anxiety
Monty Python has gender male
Monty Python has gender female
Monty Python has gender Turkey
Monty Python has gender France
Monty Python has gender United Arab Emirates
Monty Python has gender Budapest
Monty Python has gender United States
Monty Python has gender United Kingdom
Monty Python has gender Brazil
Monty Python has gender Azerbaijan
Felix Klaus is affiliated to SC Weismain-Obermain
Felix Klaus is affiliated to SpVgg Greuther Fürth
Felix Klaus is affiliated to de/Deutsche Fußballnationalmannschaft (U-19-Junioren)
Felix Klaus is affiliated to SC Freiburg
Felix Klaus is affiliated to de/Deutsche Fußballnationalmannschaft (U-20-Männer)
Felix Klaus is affiliated to Germany national youth football team
Felix Klaus is affiliated to SpVgg Greuther Fürth II
Felix Klaus is affiliated to de/Deutsche Fußballnationalmannschaft (U-17-Junioren)
Felix Klaus is affiliated to Germany national under-21 football team
Felix Klaus is affiliated to Eintracht Frankfurt
Sun Jihai is affiliated to China national football team
Sun Jihai is affiliated to Dalian Shide F.C.
Sun Jihai is affiliated to China PR national football team
Sun Jihai is affiliated to Chengdu Tiancheng F.C.
Sun Jihai is affiliated to Guizhou Renhe F.C.
Sun Jihai is affiliated to Sheffield United F.C.
Sun Jihai is affiliated to Crystal Palace F.C.
Sun Jihai is affiliated to Manchester City F.C.
Sun Jihai is affiliated to Chengdu Blades F.C.
Sun Jihai is affiliated to Shanghai United F.C.
Janício Martins is affiliated to C.F. Estrela da Amadora
Janício Martins is affiliated to Vitória F.C.
Janício Martins is affiliated to Anorthosis Famagusta FC
Janício Martins is affiliated to Cape Verde national football team
Janício Martins is affiliated to S.C.U. Torreense
Janício Martins is affiliated to G.D. Estoril Praia
Janício Martins is affiliated to Sporting Clube de Portugal
Janício Martins is affiliated to S.L. Benfica
Janício Martins is affiliated to C.F. Os Belenenses
Janício Martins is affiliated to S.C. Olhanense
Davide Succi is affiliated to Ravenna F.C.
Davide Succi is affiliated to S.P.A.L. 2013
Davide Succi is affiliated to A.S. Lucchese Libertas 1905
Davide Succi is affiliated to Calcio Padova
Davide Succi is affiliated to A.C. Chievo Verona
Davide Succi is affiliated to Calcio Como
Davide Succi is affiliated to U.S. Città di Palermo
Davide Succi is affiliated to Bologna F.C. 1909
Davide Succi is affiliated to A.C. Cesena
Davide Succi is affiliated to Real SPAL
Yeghia Yavruyan is affiliated to Hapoel Ashkelon F.C.
Yeghia Yavruyan is affiliated to Hapoel Tel Aviv F.C.
Yeghia Yavruyan is affiliated to Hapoel Ironi Kiryat Shmona F.C.
Yeghia Yavruyan is affiliated to Bnei Yehuda Tel Aviv F.C.
Yeghia Yavruyan is affiliated to Bnei Sakhnin F.C.
Yeghia Yavruyan is affiliated to Maccabi Tel Aviv F.C.
Yeghia Yavruyan is affiliated to Békéscsaba 1912 Előre SE
Yeghia Yavruyan is affiliated to FC Sopron
Yeghia Yavruyan is affiliated to Russia national under-21 football team
Yeghia Yavruyan is affiliated to Hapoel Petah Tikva F.C.
Aleksandr Stavpets plays for FC Ural Sverdlovsk Oblast
Aleksandr Stavpets plays for FC Rotor Volgograd
Aleksandr Stavpets plays for FC Rostov
Aleksandr Stavpets plays for FC Krylia Sovetov Samara
Aleksandr Stavpets plays for FC Moscow
Aleksandr Stavpets plays for Russia national football team
Aleksandr Stavpets plays for FC Torpedo Moscow
Aleksandr Stavpets plays for FC Spartak Moscow
Aleksandr Stavpets plays for FC Saturn Ramenskoye
Aleksandr Stavpets plays for FC Khimki
John McCann (footballer) plays for Scotland national football B team
John McCann (footballer) plays for Bristol City F.C.
John McCann (footballer) plays for Huddersfield Town F.C.
John McCann (footballer) plays for Derby County F.C.
John McCann (footballer) plays for Chesterfield F.C.
John McCann (footballer) plays for Darlington F.C.
John McCann (footballer) plays for Barnsley F.C.
John McCann (footballer) plays for Scotland national under-21 football team
John McCann (footballer) plays for Bradford City A.F.C.
John McCann (footballer) plays for Rotherham United F.C.
Paulinho Kobayashi plays for Associação Portuguesa de Desportos
Paulinho Kobayashi plays for Panachaiki F.C.
Paulinho Kobayashi plays for Ionikos F.C.
Paulinho Kobayashi plays for Esporte Clube Vitória
Paulinho Kobayashi plays for América Futebol Clube (RN)
Paulinho Kobayashi plays for Santos FC
Paulinho Kobayashi plays for Associação Desportiva São Caetano
Paulinho Kobayashi plays for Sport Club Corinthians Paulista
Paulinho Kobayashi plays for Sport Club do Recife
Paulinho Kobayashi plays for Oeste Futebol Clube
İskender Alın was born in Istanbul
İskender Alın was born in Üsküdar
İskender Alın was born in Samsun
İskender Alın was born in Trabzon
İskender Alın was born in Ankara
İskender Alın was born in Antalya
İskender Alın was born in Adapazarı
İskender Alın was born in Bakırköy
İskender Alın was born in Adana
İskender Alın was born in İzmit
"Presbyterian College is located in Clinton, South Carolina"
Presbyterian College is located in South Carolina
Presbyterian College is located in United States
Presbyterian College is located in Presbyterian College
Presbyterian College is located in Charleston (South Carolina)
"Presbyterian College is located in North Charleston, South Carolina"
Presbyterian College is located in Greenville (South Carolina)
"Presbyterian College is located in Greenville, South Carolina"
Presbyterian College is located in London Borough of Hillingdon
"Presbyterian College is located in Laurens County, South Carolina"
Carlos Bilardo is affiliated to C.A. San Lorenzo de Almagro
Carlos Bilardo is affiliated to San Lorenzo de Almagro
Carlos Bilardo is affiliated to Deportivo Español
Carlos Bilardo is affiliated to Estudiantes de La Plata
Carlos Bilardo is affiliated to Argentina national football team
Carlos Bilardo is affiliated to Argentina national under-20 football team
Carlos Bilardo is affiliated to Deportivo Cali
Carlos Bilardo is affiliated to Guatemala national football team
Carlos Bilardo is affiliated to Libya national football team
Carlos Bilardo is affiliated to Colombia national football team
Terry Pathmanathan has gender male
Terry Pathmanathan has gender female
Terry Pathmanathan has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Terry Pathmanathan has gender London Heathrow Terminal 3
Terry Pathmanathan has gender Azerbaijan
Terry Pathmanathan has gender Tomsk
Terry Pathmanathan has gender Republican Party (United States)
Terry Pathmanathan has gender César Award
Terry Pathmanathan has gender Turkey
Terry Pathmanathan has gender London
Oumar Bakari plays for Stade Malherbe Caen
Oumar Bakari plays for UJA Maccabi Paris Métropole
Oumar Bakari plays for OGC Nice
Oumar Bakari plays for ES Wasquehal
Oumar Bakari plays for Stade Lavallois
Oumar Bakari plays for FC Gueugnon
Oumar Bakari plays for SC Eendracht Aalst
Oumar Bakari plays for Le Mans FC
Oumar Bakari plays for S.M. Caen
Oumar Bakari plays for R. Charleroi S.C.
Roberto Carlos (footballer) is affiliated to Brazil national football team
Roberto Carlos (footballer) is affiliated to Sport Club Corinthians Paulista
Roberto Carlos (footballer) is affiliated to União São João Esporte Clube
Roberto Carlos (footballer) is affiliated to Fenerbahçe S.K. (football)
Roberto Carlos (footballer) is affiliated to Real Madrid C.F.
Roberto Carlos (footballer) is affiliated to FC Anzhi Makhachkala
Roberto Carlos (footballer) is affiliated to Inter Milan
Roberto Carlos (footballer) is affiliated to Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras
Roberto Carlos (footballer) is affiliated to Sivasspor
Roberto Carlos (footballer) is affiliated to S.C. Corinthians Paulista
Toni Doblas is affiliated to Real Betis B
Toni Doblas is affiliated to Xerez CD
Toni Doblas is affiliated to Real Betis
Toni Doblas is affiliated to SD Huesca
Toni Doblas is affiliated to Xerez C.D.
Toni Doblas is affiliated to Real Zaragoza
Toni Doblas is affiliated to Khazar Lankaran FK
Toni Doblas is affiliated to S.S.C. Napoli
Toni Doblas is affiliated to Real Betis Balompié
Toni Doblas is affiliated to Recreativo de Huelva
Oscar Pezzano plays for Club Atlético Temperley
Oscar Pezzano plays for Club 9 de Octubre
Oscar Pezzano plays for Club Atlético Vélez Sarsfield
Oscar Pezzano plays for Estudiantes de La Plata
Oscar Pezzano plays for Club Atlético Banfield
Oscar Pezzano plays for Argentina national football team
Oscar Pezzano plays for C.A. Vélez Sársfield
Oscar Pezzano plays for Boca Juniors
Oscar Pezzano plays for Racing Club de Avellaneda
Oscar Pezzano plays for Newell's Old Boys
Matthew Bloomer plays for Harrogate Town F.C.
Matthew Bloomer plays for Lincoln City F.C.
Matthew Bloomer plays for Grimsby Town F.C.
Matthew Bloomer plays for Telford United F.C.
Matthew Bloomer plays for Hull City A.F.C.
Matthew Bloomer plays for Cambridge United F.C.
Matthew Bloomer plays for Boston United F.C.
Matthew Bloomer plays for York City F.C.
Matthew Bloomer plays for Gainsborough Trinity F.C.
Matthew Bloomer plays for Doncaster Rovers F.C.
Austin Washington plays for Spokane Shadow
Austin Washington plays for Colorado Rapids U-23
Austin Washington plays for Chicago Fire Soccer Club
Austin Washington plays for Cleveland City Stars
Austin Washington plays for Carolina RailHawks
Austin Washington plays for Colorado Rapids
Austin Washington plays for San Jose Earthquakes
Austin Washington plays for Chicago Fire Premier
Austin Washington plays for Columbus Crew
Austin Washington plays for LA Galaxy
Florin Matache was born in Bucharest
Florin Matache was born in Râmnicu Vâlcea
Florin Matache was born in Cluj-Napoca
Florin Matache was born in Târgoviște
Florin Matache was born in Craiova
Florin Matache was born in Câmpia Turzii
Florin Matache was born in Otopeni
Florin Matache was born in Timișoara
Florin Matache was born in Sibiu
Florin Matache was born in Bacău
Brett Holman plays for Feyenoord
Brett Holman plays for Australia national football team
Brett Holman plays for Parramatta Power SC
Brett Holman plays for Al-Nasr SC (Dubai)
Brett Holman plays for S.B.V. Excelsior
Brett Holman plays for Australia national under-17 association football team
Brett Holman plays for Australia national under-23 association football team
Brett Holman plays for Australia national association football team
Brett Holman plays for AZ Alkmaar
Brett Holman plays for Parramatta Power
Simferopol International Airport is connected to Kurumoch International Airport
Simferopol International Airport is connected to Chelyabinsk Airport
Simferopol International Airport is connected to Kazan International Airport
Simferopol International Airport is connected to Krasnodar International Airport
Simferopol International Airport is connected to Ufa International Airport
Simferopol International Airport is connected to Nizhny Novgorod International Airport
Simferopol International Airport is connected to Belgorod International Airport
Simferopol International Airport is connected to Pulkovo Airport
Simferopol International Airport is connected to Tolmachevo Airport
Simferopol International Airport is connected to International Airport Irkutsk
Tremblay-en-France is located in Île-de-France
Tremblay-en-France is located in Paris
Tremblay-en-France is located in France
Tremblay-en-France is located in United States
Tremblay-en-France is located in Yvelines
Tremblay-en-France is located in Tremblay-en-France
Tremblay-en-France is located in Europe
Tremblay-en-France is located in Italy
Tremblay-en-France is located in Netherlands
Tremblay-en-France is located in Germany
"Norwich University is located in Northfield, Vermont"
"Norwich University is located in Washington County, Vermont"
Norwich University is located in United States
Norwich University is located in Norwich University
Norwich University is located in Canada
Norwich University is located in California
Norwich University is located in North Carolina
Norwich University is located in Vermont
Norwich University is located in Florida
Norwich University is located in Germany
John Gilkerson plays for Virginia Beach Piranhas
John Gilkerson plays for Richmond Kickers
John Gilkerson plays for Minnesota United FC
John Gilkerson plays for New York Red Bulls
John Gilkerson plays for Carolina RailHawks
John Gilkerson plays for Winthrop University
John Gilkerson plays for D.C. United
John Gilkerson plays for Rochester Rhinos
John Gilkerson plays for Real Salt Lake
John Gilkerson plays for Minnesota Thunder
Dênis Oliveira de Souza plays for Avaí Futebol Clube
Dênis Oliveira de Souza plays for União Agrícola Barbarense Futebol Clube
Dênis Oliveira de Souza plays for Clube Náutico Capibaribe
Dênis Oliveira de Souza plays for Associação Atlética Ponte Preta
Dênis Oliveira de Souza plays for Betim Esporte Clube
Dênis Oliveira de Souza plays for Santos FC
Dênis Oliveira de Souza plays for Esporte Clube Bahia
Dênis Oliveira de Souza plays for Sport Club Corinthians Paulista
Dênis Oliveira de Souza plays for Cruzeiro Esporte Clube
Dênis Oliveira de Souza plays for Associação Desportiva São Caetano
Lee Warren is affiliated to Goole A.F.C.
Lee Warren is affiliated to Doncaster Rovers F.C.
Lee Warren is affiliated to Stocksbridge Park Steels F.C.
Lee Warren is affiliated to Hull City A.F.C.
Lee Warren is affiliated to Barrow A.F.C.
Lee Warren is affiliated to Lincoln City F.C.
Lee Warren is affiliated to Rochdale A.F.C.
Lee Warren is affiliated to Brigg Town F.C.
Lee Warren is affiliated to Leeds United A.F.C.
Lee Warren is affiliated to Scarborough F.C.
Daniel Akhtyamov plays for Simurq PIK
Daniel Akhtyamov plays for FC Vityaz Podolsk
Daniel Akhtyamov plays for FC Minsk
Daniel Akhtyamov plays for Inter Baku PIK
Daniel Akhtyamov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow
Daniel Akhtyamov plays for AZAL PFK
Daniel Akhtyamov plays for Kapaz PFK
Daniel Akhtyamov plays for Azerbaijan national football team
Daniel Akhtyamov plays for FC Sheksna Cherepovets
Daniel Akhtyamov plays for FC Tiraspol
Tjörn Municipality is located in Skagerrak
Tjörn Municipality is located in Bohuslän
Tjörn Municipality is located in North Sea
Tjörn Municipality is located in Sweden
Tjörn Municipality is located in Tjörn Municipality
Tjörn Municipality is located in Västra Götaland County
Tjörn Municipality is located in Denmark
Tjörn Municipality is located in Norway
Tjörn Municipality is located in Halland
Tjörn Municipality is located in United States
Edin Pehlić plays for FK Igman Konjic
Edin Pehlić plays for FC Partizan Minsk
Edin Pehlić plays for FK Krajina Cazin
Edin Pehlić plays for FK Velež Mostar
Edin Pehlić plays for FK Sarajevo
Edin Pehlić plays for FBK Kaunas
Edin Pehlić plays for F.K. Sarajevo
Edin Pehlić plays for NK Čelik Zenica
Edin Pehlić plays for FK Željezničar Sarajevo
Edin Pehlić plays for FC Partizan-MTZ Minsk
Otto Harder is affiliated to SC Victoria Hamburg
Otto Harder is affiliated to Altonaer FC von 1893
Otto Harder is affiliated to Hamburger SV
Otto Harder is affiliated to Germany national football team
Otto Harder is affiliated to FC St. Pauli
Otto Harder is affiliated to Germany national under-21 football team
Otto Harder is affiliated to Hamburger SV II
Otto Harder is affiliated to Eintracht Braunschweig
Otto Harder is affiliated to FC Bayern Munich
Otto Harder is affiliated to HSV Barmbek-Uhlenhorst
Gmina Strzeleczki is located in Opole Voivodeship
Gmina Strzeleczki is located in United States
Gmina Strzeleczki is located in Opole County
Gmina Strzeleczki is located in Poland
Gmina Strzeleczki is located in Nysa County
Gmina Strzeleczki is located in Kędzierzyn-Koźle County
Gmina Strzeleczki is located in Masovian Voivodeship
Gmina Strzeleczki is located in Krapkowice County
Gmina Strzeleczki is located in Namysłów County
Gmina Strzeleczki is located in Olesno County
Nivaldo Batista Santana has gender male
Nivaldo Batista Santana has gender female
Nivaldo Batista Santana has gender Tomsk
Nivaldo Batista Santana has gender Azerbaijan
Nivaldo Batista Santana has gender Republican Party (United States)
Nivaldo Batista Santana has gender Democratic Party (United States)
Nivaldo Batista Santana has gender United Kingdom
Nivaldo Batista Santana has gender Turkey
Nivaldo Batista Santana has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Nivaldo Batista Santana has gender United States
Josip Kuže has gender male
Josip Kuže has gender female
Josip Kuže has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Josip Kuže has gender Hong Kong
Josip Kuže has gender London Heathrow Terminal 3
Josip Kuže has gender Tomsk
Josip Kuže has gender Labour Party (UK)
Josip Kuže has gender United Kingdom
Josip Kuže has gender Democratic Party (United States)
Josip Kuže has gender Italy
James Tomkins (footballer) plays for England national under-16 football team
James Tomkins (footballer) plays for England national under-18 football team
James Tomkins (footballer) plays for England national under-17 football team
James Tomkins (footballer) plays for England national under-19 football team
James Tomkins (footballer) plays for Derby County F.C.
James Tomkins (footballer) plays for England national under-20 football team
James Tomkins (footballer) plays for West Ham United F.C.
James Tomkins (footballer) plays for England national under-21 football team
James Tomkins (footballer) plays for Great Britain Olympic football team
James Tomkins (footballer) plays for Tottenham Hotspur F.C.
Gerd Dais was born in Mannheim
Gerd Dais was born in Karlsruhe
Gerd Dais was born in Speyer
Gerd Dais was born in Worms
Gerd Dais was born in Pforzheim
Gerd Dais was born in Ludwigshafen
Gerd Dais was born in Heidelberg
Gerd Dais was born in Stuttgart
Gerd Dais was born in Rastatt
Gerd Dais was born in Tübingen
Laurențiu Diniță plays for FC Rapid II București
Laurențiu Diniță plays for CS Concordia Chiajna
Laurențiu Diniță plays for CS Jiul Petroșani
Laurențiu Diniță plays for FC Steaua București
Laurențiu Diniță plays for FC Sportul Studențesc București
Laurențiu Diniță plays for Aris Limassol F.C.
Laurențiu Diniță plays for F.C. Steaua Bucureşti
Laurențiu Diniță plays for FC Progresul București
Laurențiu Diniță plays for Romania national football team
Laurențiu Diniță plays for FC Petrolul Ploiești
Francisco Javier Torres is affiliated to Club Santos Laguna
Francisco Javier Torres is affiliated to Mexico national under-20 football team
Francisco Javier Torres is affiliated to Santos Laguna
Francisco Javier Torres is affiliated to Club Atlas
Francisco Javier Torres is affiliated to Mexico national football team
Francisco Javier Torres is affiliated to Club América
Francisco Javier Torres is affiliated to Puebla F.C.
Francisco Javier Torres is affiliated to Chiapas F.C.
Francisco Javier Torres is affiliated to Monarcas Morelia
Francisco Javier Torres is affiliated to C.F. Pachuca
"University of Richmond is located in Richmond, Virginia"
University of Richmond is located in United States
University of Richmond is located in Virginia
University of Richmond is located in California
University of Richmond is located in United Kingdom
University of Richmond is located in France
"University of Richmond is located in Washington, D.C."
University of Richmond is located in New York City
University of Richmond is located in Richmond
University of Richmond is located in Italy
Ramon de Morais Motta is affiliated to Beşiktaş J.K.
Ramon de Morais Motta is affiliated to Clube de Regatas do Flamengo
Ramon de Morais Motta is affiliated to CR Vasco da Gama
Ramon de Morais Motta is affiliated to Sport Club Internacional
Ramon de Morais Motta is affiliated to Sport Club Corinthians Paulista
Ramon de Morais Motta is affiliated to Brazil national football team
Ramon de Morais Motta is affiliated to S.C. Corinthians Paulista
Ramon de Morais Motta is affiliated to C.R. Flamengo
Ramon de Morais Motta is affiliated to Fluminense FC
Ramon de Morais Motta is affiliated to Santos FC
The Contract (2006 film) is located in Germany
The Contract (2006 film) is located in United States
The Contract (2006 film) is located in United Kingdom
The Contract (2006 film) is located in Canada
The Contract (2006 film) is located in France
The Contract (2006 film) is located in Italy
The Contract (2006 film) is located in India
The Contract (2006 film) is located in China
The Contract (2006 film) is located in Japan
The Contract (2006 film) is located in Spain
Mike Ferguson (footballer) is affiliated to Blackburn Rovers F.C.
Mike Ferguson (footballer) is affiliated to Rochdale A.F.C.
Mike Ferguson (footballer) is affiliated to Los Angeles Aztecs
Mike Ferguson (footballer) is affiliated to Halifax Town A.F.C.
Mike Ferguson (footballer) is affiliated to Aston Villa F.C.
Mike Ferguson (footballer) is affiliated to Cambridge United F.C.
Mike Ferguson (footballer) is affiliated to Queens Park Rangers F.C.
Mike Ferguson (footballer) is affiliated to Accrington Stanley F.C. (1891)
Mike Ferguson (footballer) is affiliated to Plymouth Argyle F.C.
Mike Ferguson (footballer) is affiliated to Blackpool F.C.
Orhan Ak was born in Istanbul
Orhan Ak was born in Izmir
Orhan Ak was born in Ankara
Orhan Ak was born in Antalya
Orhan Ak was born in Samsun
Orhan Ak was born in Bakırköy
Orhan Ak was born in Bursa
Orhan Ak was born in Trabzon
Orhan Ak was born in Eskişehir
Orhan Ak was born in Adapazarı
Yerevan is located in Asia
Yerevan is located in Yerevan
Yerevan is located in Europe
Yerevan is located in United States
Yerevan is located in Africa
Yerevan is located in Armenia
Yerevan is located in Russia
Yerevan is located in United Kingdom
Yerevan is located in Iran
Yerevan is located in Germany
Janusz Gancarczyk is affiliated to KS Polkowice
Janusz Gancarczyk is affiliated to GKS Katowice
Janusz Gancarczyk is affiliated to Śląsk Wrocław
Janusz Gancarczyk is affiliated to Polonia Warsaw
Janusz Gancarczyk is affiliated to Zagłębie Lubin
Janusz Gancarczyk is affiliated to Poland national football team
Janusz Gancarczyk is affiliated to Górnik Zabrze
Janusz Gancarczyk is affiliated to Widzew Łódź
Janusz Gancarczyk is affiliated to Chrobry Głogów
Janusz Gancarczyk is affiliated to ŁKS Łódź
Radisav Ćurčić has gender male
Radisav Ćurčić has gender female
Radisav Ćurčić has gender wordnet chemical 114806838
Radisav Ćurčić has gender Tomsk
Radisav Ćurčić has gender wordnet electronics 106099269
Radisav Ćurčić has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Radisav Ćurčić has gender Hong Kong
Radisav Ćurčić has gender wordnet machinery 103701640
Radisav Ćurčić has gender English language
Radisav Ćurčić has gender United Kingdom
György Korsós plays for SK Sturm Graz
György Korsós plays for Hungary national under-21 football team
György Korsós plays for Hungary national football team
György Korsós plays for FK Austria Wien
György Korsós plays for SK Rapid Wien
György Korsós plays for Skoda Xanthi F.C.
György Korsós plays for S.K. Sturm Graz
György Korsós plays for Győri ETO FC
György Korsós plays for Austria national football team
György Korsós plays for Újpest FC
Nick Crittenden is affiliated to Dorchester Town F.C.
Nick Crittenden is affiliated to Weymouth F.C.
Nick Crittenden is affiliated to Yeovil Town F.C.
Nick Crittenden is affiliated to Aldershot Town F.C.
Nick Crittenden is affiliated to Chelsea F.C.
Nick Crittenden is affiliated to England national football C team
Nick Crittenden is affiliated to Plymouth Argyle F.C.
Nick Crittenden is affiliated to A.F.C. Bournemouth
Nick Crittenden is affiliated to Torquay United F.C.
Nick Crittenden is affiliated to Woking F.C.
Joseph Rotblat graduated from University of Liverpool
Joseph Rotblat graduated from University of Oxford
Joseph Rotblat graduated from University of Cambridge
Joseph Rotblat graduated from University of Warsaw
Joseph Rotblat graduated from King's College London
Joseph Rotblat graduated from University of Sussex
Joseph Rotblat graduated from University College London
Joseph Rotblat graduated from University of Manchester
Joseph Rotblat graduated from University of Edinburgh
Joseph Rotblat graduated from London School of Economics
Kristoffer Andersen is affiliated to Borussia Mönchengladbach II
Kristoffer Andersen is affiliated to VfL Osnabrück
Kristoffer Andersen is affiliated to Alemannia Aachen
Kristoffer Andersen is affiliated to VfR Aalen
Kristoffer Andersen is affiliated to SC Fortuna Köln
Kristoffer Andersen is affiliated to FC Ingolstadt 04
Kristoffer Andersen is affiliated to RWDM Brussels FC
Kristoffer Andersen is affiliated to MSV Duisburg
Kristoffer Andersen is affiliated to Borussia Mönchengladbach
Kristoffer Andersen is affiliated to K.A.S. Eupen
Mick Fairclough is affiliated to Newry City F.C.
Mick Fairclough is affiliated to Drogheda United F.C.
Mick Fairclough is affiliated to Dundalk F.C.
Mick Fairclough is affiliated to Huddersfield Town F.C.
Mick Fairclough is affiliated to Sligo Rovers F.C.
Mick Fairclough is affiliated to Republic of Ireland national football team
Mick Fairclough is affiliated to Shamrock Rovers F.C.
Mick Fairclough is affiliated to Republic of Ireland national under-21 football team
Mick Fairclough is affiliated to Shelbourne F.C.
Mick Fairclough is affiliated to League of Ireland XI
Guy Madison is married to Gail Russell
Guy Madison is married to Vicente Fox
Guy Madison is married to Guy Madison
Guy Madison is married to Felipe Calderón
Guy Madison is married to Lex Barker
Guy Madison is married to Ronald Reagan
Guy Madison is married to James Cameron
Guy Madison is married to Paulette Goddard
Guy Madison is married to Winona Ryder
Guy Madison is married to Artie Shaw
Ishref Magomedov plays for FC Torpedo Vladimir
Ishref Magomedov plays for FC Sokol Saratov
Ishref Magomedov plays for FC Torpedo-BelAZ Zhodino
Ishref Magomedov plays for FC Gazovik Orenburg
Ishref Magomedov plays for FC Shakhtyor Salihorsk
Ishref Magomedov plays for FC Anzhi Makhachkala
Ishref Magomedov plays for FC Nistru Otaci
Ishref Magomedov plays for FC Dinamo Minsk
Ishref Magomedov plays for FC Khimki
Ishref Magomedov plays for FC Lokomotiv Moscow
Philippe Gondet plays for Stade Français Paris (football)
Philippe Gondet plays for FC Nantes
Philippe Gondet plays for Red Star F.C.
Philippe Gondet plays for France national football team
Philippe Gondet plays for F.C. Nantes
Philippe Gondet plays for Racing Club de France football Colombes 92
Philippe Gondet plays for Paris Saint-Germain F.C.
Philippe Gondet plays for Olympique de Marseille
Philippe Gondet plays for AS Saint-Étienne
Philippe Gondet plays for Stade de Reims
Laurence Rosenthal has won prize Academy Awards
Laurence Rosenthal has won prize Grammy Award
Laurence Rosenthal has won prize Emmy Award
Laurence Rosenthal has won prize Golden Globe Award
Laurence Rosenthal has won prize Academy Award
Laurence Rosenthal has won prize David di Donatello
Laurence Rosenthal has won prize Tony Award
Laurence Rosenthal has won prize Primetime Emmy Award
Laurence Rosenthal has won prize Saturn Award
Laurence Rosenthal has won prize César Award
Danny Lennon plays for Gretna F.C.
Danny Lennon plays for Cowdenbeath F.C.
Danny Lennon plays for Raith Rovers F.C.
Danny Lennon plays for Hibernian F.C.
Danny Lennon plays for Partick Thistle F.C.
Danny Lennon plays for Ross County F.C.
Danny Lennon plays for Workington A.F.C.
Danny Lennon plays for Ayr United F.C.
Danny Lennon plays for Northern Ireland national football B team
Danny Lennon plays for Dundee United F.C.
Patrick Ollier is married to Michèle Alliot-Marie
Patrick Ollier is married to Patrick Ollier
Patrick Ollier is married to Bernadette Chirac
Patrick Ollier is married to Cécilia Attias
Patrick Ollier is married to André Rossinot
Patrick Ollier is married to Nicolas Sarkozy
Patrick Ollier is married to Jean-Louis Borloo
Patrick Ollier is married to François Baroin
Patrick Ollier is married to Ségolène Royal
Patrick Ollier is married to François Hollande
Viktor Alonen is affiliated to JK Viljandi Tulevik
Viktor Alonen is affiliated to JK Tervis Pärnu
Viktor Alonen is affiliated to FC Kuressaare
Viktor Alonen is affiliated to JK Narva Trans
Viktor Alonen is affiliated to Estonia national football team
Viktor Alonen is affiliated to FC Flora Tallinn
Viktor Alonen is affiliated to FC Levadia Tallinn
Viktor Alonen is affiliated to FC Warrior Valga
Viktor Alonen is affiliated to fr/Lelle SK
Viktor Alonen is affiliated to Estonia national under-21 football team
Fernando Gastón Córdoba is affiliated to Club Atlético Belgrano
Fernando Gastón Córdoba is affiliated to Club Atlético Colón
Fernando Gastón Córdoba is affiliated to Racing Club de Avellaneda
Fernando Gastón Córdoba is affiliated to Quilmes Atlético Club
Fernando Gastón Córdoba is affiliated to Sporting Cristal
Fernando Gastón Córdoba is affiliated to Club Olimpia
Fernando Gastón Córdoba is affiliated to Estudiantes de La Plata
Fernando Gastón Córdoba is affiliated to U.C. Sampdoria
Fernando Gastón Córdoba is affiliated to Argentina national football team
Fernando Gastón Córdoba is affiliated to Club Atlético Independiente
Muhammet Özdin is affiliated to Akçaabat Sebatspor
Muhammet Özdin is affiliated to Siirtspor
Muhammet Özdin is affiliated to Sakaryaspor
Muhammet Özdin is affiliated to Altay S.K.
Muhammet Özdin is affiliated to Trabzonspor
Muhammet Özdin is affiliated to Kocaelispor
Muhammet Özdin is affiliated to Boluspor
Muhammet Özdin is affiliated to Kardemir D. Ç. Karabükspor
Muhammet Özdin is affiliated to Erzurumspor
Muhammet Özdin is affiliated to Turkey national football team
Marlin Piana plays for Congleton Town F.C.
Marlin Piana plays for Troyes AC
Marlin Piana plays for DR Congo national football team
Marlin Piana plays for Hapoel Ironi Kiryat Shmona F.C.
Marlin Piana plays for K. Sint-Truidense V.V.
Marlin Piana plays for Ashton United F.C.
Marlin Piana plays for Clermont Foot
Marlin Piana plays for FC Oțelul Galați
Marlin Piana plays for E.S. Troyes A.C.
Marlin Piana plays for Lommel United
Bonaire has capital Bonaire
Bonaire has capital Kralendijk
Bonaire has capital Curaçao
Bonaire has capital Netherlands Antilles
Bonaire has capital Flamingo International Airport
Bonaire has capital Netherlands
Bonaire has capital Aruba
Bonaire has capital South America
Bonaire has capital Saba
Bonaire has capital Caribbean Netherlands
Giuseppe Taglialatela plays for Benevento Calcio
Giuseppe Taglialatela plays for A.S. Avellino 1912
Giuseppe Taglialatela plays for A.S. Bari
Giuseppe Taglialatela plays for A.C. Siena
Giuseppe Taglialatela plays for U.S. Città di Palermo
Giuseppe Taglialatela plays for ACF Fiorentina
Giuseppe Taglialatela plays for S.S.C. Napoli
Giuseppe Taglialatela plays for A.C.F. Fiorentina
Giuseppe Taglialatela plays for Parma F.C.
Giuseppe Taglialatela plays for Udinese Calcio
Yoshiko Ōtaka has musical role wordnet vocal music 107282006
Yoshiko Ōtaka has musical role wordnet guitar 103467517
Yoshiko Ōtaka has musical role wordnet piano 103928116
Yoshiko Ōtaka has musical role wordnet keyboard 103614007
Yoshiko Ōtaka has musical role wordnet harmonica 103494278
Yoshiko Ōtaka has musical role wordnet bass guitar 102804123
Yoshiko Ōtaka has musical role wordnet drum 103249569
Yoshiko Ōtaka has musical role wordnet percussion 100545059
Yoshiko Ōtaka has musical role wordnet synthesist 110687231
Yoshiko Ōtaka has musical role wordnet singing 100545501
Skye Sweetnam has musical role wordnet vocal music 107282006
Skye Sweetnam has musical role wordnet piano 103928116
Skye Sweetnam has musical role wordnet guitar 103467517
Skye Sweetnam has musical role wordnet harmonica 103494278
Skye Sweetnam has musical role wordnet bass guitar 102804123
Skye Sweetnam has musical role wordnet keyboard 103614007
Skye Sweetnam has musical role wordnet drum 103249569
Skye Sweetnam has musical role wordnet synthesist 110687231
Skye Sweetnam has musical role wordnet violin 104536866
Skye Sweetnam has musical role wordnet percussion 100545059
Gil Reece was born in Cardiff
Gil Reece was born in Swansea
"Gil Reece was born in Newport, Wales"
Gil Reece was born in Sheffield
Gil Reece was born in Merthyr Tydfil
Gil Reece was born in London
Gil Reece was born in Neath
Gil Reece was born in Caerphilly
Gil Reece was born in Bristol
Gil Reece was born in Aberdare
Elia Legati plays for Calcio Padova
Elia Legati plays for A.S.D. Legnano Calcio 1913
Elia Legati plays for Italy national under-19 football team
Elia Legati plays for Italy national under-20 football team
Elia Legati plays for Novara Calcio
Elia Legati plays for Carpi FC 1909
Elia Legati plays for AS Monaco FC
Elia Legati plays for F.C. Crotone
Elia Legati plays for U.S. Fiorenzuola 1922
Elia Legati plays for A.C. Milan
Juan Carlos Quintero plays for La Equidad
Juan Carlos Quintero plays for Envigado F.C.
Juan Carlos Quintero plays for Cúcuta Deportivo
Juan Carlos Quintero plays for Deportivo Pereira
Juan Carlos Quintero plays for Atlético Bucaramanga
Juan Carlos Quintero plays for Deportes Quindío
Juan Carlos Quintero plays for Independiente Santa Fe
Juan Carlos Quintero plays for Independiente Medellín
Juan Carlos Quintero plays for Millonarios Fútbol Club
Juan Carlos Quintero plays for Junior F.C.
If You Meet Sartana Pray for Your Death is located in Italy
If You Meet Sartana Pray for Your Death is located in France
If You Meet Sartana Pray for Your Death is located in United States
If You Meet Sartana Pray for Your Death is located in Germany
If You Meet Sartana Pray for Your Death is located in United Kingdom
If You Meet Sartana Pray for Your Death is located in West Germany
If You Meet Sartana Pray for Your Death is located in Spain
If You Meet Sartana Pray for Your Death is located in Belgium
If You Meet Sartana Pray for Your Death is located in Japan
If You Meet Sartana Pray for Your Death is located in Canada
Luis Vallenilla is affiliated to Venezuela national football team
Luis Vallenilla is affiliated to Caracas FC
Luis Vallenilla is affiliated to Unión Atlético Maracaibo
Luis Vallenilla is affiliated to Mineros de Guayana
Luis Vallenilla is affiliated to Deportivo Táchira
Luis Vallenilla is affiliated to Club Olimpo
Luis Vallenilla is affiliated to Nea Salamis Famagusta FC
Luis Vallenilla is affiliated to Deportivo Cuenca
Luis Vallenilla is affiliated to Deportivo Anzoátegui
Luis Vallenilla is affiliated to Carabobo FC
"Ruskin, Florida is located in Hillsborough County (Florida)"
"Ruskin, Florida is located in Florida"
"Ruskin, Florida is located in United States"
"Ruskin, Florida is located in California"
"Ruskin, Florida is located in Hillsborough County, Florida"
"Ruskin, Florida is located in Texas"
"Ruskin, Florida is located in Poland"
"Ruskin, Florida is located in France"
"Ruskin, Florida is located in United Kingdom"
"Ruskin, Florida is located in New Jersey"
Romulus Gabor plays for FC Inter Sibiu
Romulus Gabor plays for FC Corvinul Hunedoara
Romulus Gabor plays for FC Unirea Alba Iulia
Romulus Gabor plays for FC Universitatea Cluj
Romulus Gabor plays for Diósgyőri VTK
Romulus Gabor plays for Romania national football team
Romulus Gabor plays for FC Dinamo București
Romulus Gabor plays for ACF Gloria Bistrița
Romulus Gabor plays for FC Rapid București
Romulus Gabor plays for CFR Cluj
Juan Pablo Úbeda has gender male
Juan Pablo Úbeda has gender female
Juan Pablo Úbeda has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Juan Pablo Úbeda has gender wordnet chemical 114806838
Juan Pablo Úbeda has gender wordnet machinery 103701640
Juan Pablo Úbeda has gender wordnet electronics 106099269
Juan Pablo Úbeda has gender Tomsk
Juan Pablo Úbeda has gender wordnet foodstuff 107566340
Juan Pablo Úbeda has gender wordnet plastic 114592610
Juan Pablo Úbeda has gender wordnet petroleum 114980579
"Marianna, Florida is located in Jackson County, Florida"
"Marianna, Florida is located in Jackson County (Florida)"
"Marianna, Florida is located in United States"
"Marianna, Florida is located in Poland"
"Marianna, Florida is located in United Kingdom"
"Marianna, Florida is located in India"
"Marianna, Florida is located in Florida"
"Marianna, Florida is located in California"
"Marianna, Florida is located in Canada"
"Marianna, Florida is located in China"
Craig Dudley plays for Burton Albion F.C.
Craig Dudley plays for Chesterfield F.C.
Craig Dudley plays for Hyde F.C.
Craig Dudley plays for Telford United F.C.
Craig Dudley plays for Shrewsbury Town F.C.
Craig Dudley plays for Oldham Athletic A.F.C.
Craig Dudley plays for Notts County F.C.
Craig Dudley plays for Hull City A.F.C.
Craig Dudley plays for Scunthorpe United F.C.
Craig Dudley plays for Ashton United F.C.
Bora Milutinović is affiliated to O.F.K. Beograd
Bora Milutinović is affiliated to AS Monaco FC
Bora Milutinović is affiliated to A.S. Monaco F.C.
Bora Milutinović is affiliated to OFK Beograd
Bora Milutinović is affiliated to OGC Nice
Bora Milutinović is affiliated to F.K. Partizan
Bora Milutinović is affiliated to Club Universidad Nacional
Bora Milutinović is affiliated to FK Partizan
Bora Milutinović is affiliated to FC Rouen
Bora Milutinović is affiliated to C.A. San Lorenzo de Almagro
Sam George (soccer) plays for Anaheim Splash
Sam George (soccer) plays for UCLA Bruins men's soccer
Sam George (soccer) plays for Boston Bulldogs (soccer)
Sam George (soccer) plays for Tampa Bay Mutiny
Sam George (soccer) plays for New England Revolution
Sam George (soccer) plays for Chicago Fire Soccer Club
Sam George (soccer) plays for Los Angeles Heat
Sam George (soccer) plays for United States men's national soccer team
Sam George (soccer) plays for UCLA Bruins
Sam George (soccer) plays for D.C. United
Marco Vanzini plays for Danubio F.C.
Marco Vanzini plays for Uruguay national football team
Marco Vanzini plays for Terrassa FC
Marco Vanzini plays for Al-Hilal FC
Marco Vanzini plays for Club Atlético Banfield
Marco Vanzini plays for Esporte Clube Juventude
Marco Vanzini plays for S.C. Braga
Marco Vanzini plays for Club Nacional de Football
Marco Vanzini plays for Peñarol
Marco Vanzini plays for Uruguay national under-20 football team
Chris Zebroski is affiliated to Bristol Rovers F.C.
Chris Zebroski is affiliated to Newport County A.F.C.
Chris Zebroski is affiliated to Wycombe Wanderers F.C.
Chris Zebroski is affiliated to Torquay United F.C.
Chris Zebroski is affiliated to Swindon Town F.C.
Chris Zebroski is affiliated to Millwall F.C.
Chris Zebroski is affiliated to Cheltenham Town F.C.
Chris Zebroski is affiliated to Plymouth Argyle F.C.
Chris Zebroski is affiliated to Oxford United F.C.
Chris Zebroski is affiliated to Eastleigh F.C.
Poul Hübertz plays for FC Roskilde
Poul Hübertz plays for Akademisk Boldklub
Poul Hübertz plays for Boldklubben Frem
Poul Hübertz plays for HB Køge
Poul Hübertz plays for FC Midtjylland
Poul Hübertz plays for FC Nordsjælland
Poul Hübertz plays for AaB Fodbold
Poul Hübertz plays for Millwall F.C.
Poul Hübertz plays for Northampton Town F.C.
Poul Hübertz plays for Lyngby Boldklub
Frank Ruíz plays for Unión Huaral
Frank Ruíz plays for Veria F.C.
Frank Ruíz plays for Deportivo Municipal
Frank Ruíz plays for Alianza Lima
Frank Ruíz plays for Peru national football team
Frank Ruíz plays for Juan Aurich
Frank Ruíz plays for Sporting Cristal
Frank Ruíz plays for Estudiantes de Medicina
Frank Ruíz plays for Club Universitario de Deportes
Frank Ruíz plays for Sport Boys
Quints is located in United States
Quints is located in United Kingdom
Quints is located in India
Quints is located in France
Quints is located in Canada
Quints is located in Germany
Quints is located in Italy
Quints is located in Hong Kong
Quints is located in Japan
Quints is located in China
Eniola Aluko is affiliated to Great Britain women's Olympic football team
Eniola Aluko is affiliated to Birmingham City L.F.C.
Eniola Aluko is affiliated to Charlton Athletic L.F.C.
Eniola Aluko is affiliated to England women's national football team
Eniola Aluko is affiliated to Chelsea L.F.C.
Eniola Aluko is affiliated to Sky Blue FC
Eniola Aluko is affiliated to Saint Louis Athletica
Eniola Aluko is affiliated to Atlanta Beat (WPS)
Eniola Aluko is affiliated to Arsenal L.F.C.
Eniola Aluko is affiliated to Notts County Ladies F.C.
Luiz Henrique Koprowski has gender male
Luiz Henrique Koprowski has gender female
Luiz Henrique Koprowski has gender Tomsk
Luiz Henrique Koprowski has gender Hong Kong
Luiz Henrique Koprowski has gender Azerbaijan
Luiz Henrique Koprowski has gender Bulgaria
Luiz Henrique Koprowski has gender France
Luiz Henrique Koprowski has gender Turkey
Luiz Henrique Koprowski has gender United Kingdom
Luiz Henrique Koprowski has gender United Arab Emirates
Mostaganem is located in Mostaganem Province
Mostaganem is located in France
Mostaganem is located in United States
Mostaganem is located in Lists of World Heritage Sites in Europe
Mostaganem is located in Algeria
Mostaganem is located in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur
Mostaganem is located in Rhône-Alpes
Mostaganem is located in Brazil
Mostaganem is located in Europe
Mostaganem is located in Île-de-France
Peter Till was born in Birmingham
Peter Till was born in Walsall
Peter Till was born in Doncaster
Peter Till was born in Nottingham
Peter Till was born in Sheffield
Peter Till was born in London
Peter Till was born in Wolverhampton
Peter Till was born in Leicester
Peter Till was born in Coventry
Peter Till was born in York
Djamel Menad plays for JS El Biar
Djamel Menad plays for CR Belouizdad
Djamel Menad plays for JS Kabylie
Djamel Menad plays for USM Alger
Djamel Menad plays for Nîmes Olympique
Djamel Menad plays for F.C. Famalicão
Djamel Menad plays for Algeria national football team
Djamel Menad plays for C.F. Os Belenenses
Djamel Menad plays for Nîmes Olympique F.C.
Djamel Menad plays for NA Hussein Dey
Constantinos Georgiades is affiliated to Cyprus national under-21 football team
Constantinos Georgiades is affiliated to Digenis Akritas Morphou
Constantinos Georgiades is affiliated to Ethnikos Achna FC
Constantinos Georgiades is affiliated to Ermis Aradippou
Constantinos Georgiades is affiliated to Cyprus national football team
Constantinos Georgiades is affiliated to Apollon Limassol
Constantinos Georgiades is affiliated to AEK Larnaca F.C.
Constantinos Georgiades is affiliated to Anorthosis Famagusta FC
Constantinos Georgiades is affiliated to AC Omonia
Constantinos Georgiades is affiliated to Alki Larnaca F.C.
Zdzisław Kostrzewa was born in Melbourne
Zdzisław Kostrzewa was born in Sosnowiec
Zdzisław Kostrzewa was born in Wrocław
Zdzisław Kostrzewa was born in Wałbrzych
Zdzisław Kostrzewa was born in Łódź
Zdzisław Kostrzewa was born in Chorzów
Zdzisław Kostrzewa was born in Kraków
Zdzisław Kostrzewa was born in Warsaw
Zdzisław Kostrzewa was born in Poznań
Zdzisław Kostrzewa was born in Bytom
Landshut (district) is located in Landshut
Landshut (district) is located in Bavaria
Landshut (district) is located in Lower Bavaria
Landshut (district) is located in Landshut (district)
Landshut (district) is located in United States
Landshut (district) is located in Germany
Landshut (district) is located in Swabia (region)
Landshut (district) is located in Europe
Landshut (district) is located in North Rhine-Westphalia
Landshut (district) is located in Lower Saxony
Peter Omoduemuke is affiliated to FC Politehnica II Timișoara
Peter Omoduemuke is affiliated to Vigevano Calcio
Peter Omoduemuke is affiliated to Vissai Ninh Binh F.C.
Peter Omoduemuke is affiliated to CS Otopeni
Peter Omoduemuke is affiliated to FC Ceahlăul Piatra Neamț
Peter Omoduemuke is affiliated to FC Politehnica Timișoara
Peter Omoduemuke is affiliated to S.S.D. Massese
Peter Omoduemuke is affiliated to FK Obilić
Peter Omoduemuke is affiliated to CS Minerul Lupeni
Peter Omoduemuke is affiliated to FC Astra Giurgiu
Amer Jukan is affiliated to NK Mura
Amer Jukan is affiliated to NK Primorje
Amer Jukan is affiliated to FC Koper
Amer Jukan is affiliated to NK Interblock
Amer Jukan is affiliated to NK Marsonia
Amer Jukan is affiliated to Slovenia national football team
Amer Jukan is affiliated to Hapoel Petah Tikva F.C.
Amer Jukan is affiliated to Enosis Neon Paralimni FC
Amer Jukan is affiliated to HNK Cibalia
Amer Jukan is affiliated to NK Olimpija Ljubljana (defunct)
Jens Nowotny plays for GNK Dinamo Zagreb
Jens Nowotny plays for Karlsruher SC
Jens Nowotny plays for Germany national under-21 football team
Jens Nowotny plays for Germany national football team
Jens Nowotny plays for Bayer 04 Leverkusen
Jens Nowotny plays for N.K. Dinamo Zagreb
Jens Nowotny plays for de/Deutsche Fußballnationalmannschaft (U-19-Junioren)
Jens Nowotny plays for Germany national youth football team
Jens Nowotny plays for VfB Stuttgart
Jens Nowotny plays for FC Bayern Munich
Sascha Pichler was born in Vienna
Sascha Pichler was born in Linz
Sascha Pichler was born in Salzburg
Sascha Pichler was born in Klagenfurt
Sascha Pichler was born in Graz
Sascha Pichler was born in Wiener Neustadt
Sascha Pichler was born in Innsbruck
Sascha Pichler was born in Sarajevo
Sascha Pichler was born in São Paulo
Sascha Pichler was born in Buenos Aires
Clarence Seedorf is affiliated to Ajax Youth Academy
Clarence Seedorf is affiliated to AFC Ajax
Clarence Seedorf is affiliated to Netherlands national football team
Clarence Seedorf is affiliated to A.F.C. Ajax
Clarence Seedorf is affiliated to Inter Milan
Clarence Seedorf is affiliated to Botafogo de Futebol e Regatas
Clarence Seedorf is affiliated to Botafogo F.R.
Clarence Seedorf is affiliated to Real Madrid C.F.
Clarence Seedorf is affiliated to A.C. Milan
Clarence Seedorf is affiliated to U.C. Sampdoria
Pierre Laval has gender male
Pierre Laval has gender female
Pierre Laval has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Pierre Laval has gender Bulgaria
Pierre Laval has gender Azerbaijan
Pierre Laval has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Pierre Laval has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Pierre Laval has gender London Heathrow Terminal 3
Pierre Laval has gender United Kingdom
Pierre Laval has gender Tomsk
Henrico Drost plays for S.B.V. Excelsior
Henrico Drost plays for VVV-Venlo
Henrico Drost plays for NAC Breda
Henrico Drost plays for SC Heerenveen
Henrico Drost plays for De Graafschap
Henrico Drost plays for Go Ahead Eagles
Henrico Drost plays for RKC Waalwijk
Henrico Drost plays for Netherlands national under-21 football team
Henrico Drost plays for SBV Excelsior
Henrico Drost plays for Feyenoord
Vladimir Đilas is affiliated to FK Bregalnica Štip
Vladimir Đilas is affiliated to FK Metalac
Vladimir Đilas is affiliated to FK Voždovac
Vladimir Đilas is affiliated to FK Bežanija
Vladimir Đilas is affiliated to PFC Marek Dupnitsa
Vladimir Đilas is affiliated to FC Ordabasy
Vladimir Đilas is affiliated to FC Aktobe
Vladimir Đilas is affiliated to PFC Lokomotiv Sofia
Vladimir Đilas is affiliated to FK Jagodina
Vladimir Đilas is affiliated to FK Zemun
Kenny Cooper plays for FC Dallas
Kenny Cooper plays for Portland Timbers
Kenny Cooper plays for New York Red Bulls
Kenny Cooper plays for United States men's national soccer team
Kenny Cooper plays for F.C. Dallas
Kenny Cooper plays for Manchester United F.C.
Kenny Cooper plays for Oldham Athletic A.F.C.
Kenny Cooper plays for Plymouth Argyle F.C.
Kenny Cooper plays for TSV 1860 München
Kenny Cooper plays for Seattle Sounders FC
Gleison Santos has gender male
Gleison Santos has gender female
Gleison Santos has gender France
Gleison Santos has gender United Kingdom
Gleison Santos has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Gleison Santos has gender Republican Party (United States)
Gleison Santos has gender United States
Gleison Santos has gender Germany
Gleison Santos has gender Democratic Party (United States)
Gleison Santos has gender Paris
Jeff Barmby plays for Selby Town F.C.
Jeff Barmby plays for Goole A.F.C.
Jeff Barmby plays for Scarborough F.C.
Jeff Barmby plays for York City F.C.
Jeff Barmby plays for Hull City A.F.C.
Jeff Barmby plays for Scunthorpe United F.C.
Jeff Barmby plays for Doncaster Rovers F.C.
Jeff Barmby plays for Huddersfield Town F.C.
Jeff Barmby plays for Sheffield United F.C.
Jeff Barmby plays for Halifax Town A.F.C.
Jeff Johnson (footballer) plays for Swansea City A.F.C.
Jeff Johnson (footballer) plays for Newport County A.F.C.
Jeff Johnson (footballer) plays for Gillingham F.C.
Jeff Johnson (footballer) plays for Port Vale F.C.
Jeff Johnson (footballer) plays for Barrow A.F.C.
Jeff Johnson (footballer) plays for Sheffield Wednesday F.C.
Jeff Johnson (footballer) plays for Manchester City F.C.
Jeff Johnson (footballer) plays for Crystal Palace F.C.
Jeff Johnson (footballer) plays for Cardiff City F.C.
Jeff Johnson (footballer) plays for Wales national football team
Don Droege is affiliated to Chicago Horizons
Don Droege is affiliated to Chicago Sting
Don Droege is affiliated to St. Louis Steamers (1979–88)
Don Droege is affiliated to Atlanta Chiefs
Don Droege is affiliated to Rochester Lancers
Don Droege is affiliated to Washington Diplomats
Don Droege is affiliated to Tampa Bay Rowdies (1975–93)
Don Droege is affiliated to Tulsa Roughnecks (1978–84)
Don Droege is affiliated to Saint Louis Billikens men's soccer
Don Droege is affiliated to United States men's national soccer team
Chris Sutton is affiliated to England national under-21 football team
Chris Sutton is affiliated to Wroxham F.C.
Chris Sutton is affiliated to England national football B team
Chris Sutton is affiliated to Norwich City F.C.
Chris Sutton is affiliated to Aston Villa F.C.
Chris Sutton is affiliated to Birmingham City F.C.
Chris Sutton is affiliated to Blackburn Rovers F.C.
Chris Sutton is affiliated to Celtic F.C.
Chris Sutton is affiliated to Chelsea F.C.
Chris Sutton is affiliated to England national football team
Vyacheslav Semyonov is affiliated to FC CSKA Kyiv
Vyacheslav Semyonov is affiliated to Soviet Union national football team
Vyacheslav Semyonov is affiliated to FC Zorya Luhansk
Vyacheslav Semyonov is affiliated to FC Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk
Vyacheslav Semyonov is affiliated to FC Dynamo Kyiv
Vyacheslav Semyonov is affiliated to F.C. Dynamo Kyiv
Vyacheslav Semyonov is affiliated to Ukraine national football team
Vyacheslav Semyonov is affiliated to FC Arsenal Kyiv
Vyacheslav Semyonov is affiliated to FC Dynamo-2 Kyiv
Vyacheslav Semyonov is affiliated to FC Kryvbas Kryvyi Rih
Dražen Biškup plays for GNK Dinamo Zagreb
Dražen Biškup plays for Croatia national football team
Dražen Biškup plays for FC Admira Wacker Mödling
Dražen Biškup plays for NK Zagreb
Dražen Biškup plays for NK Zelina
Dražen Biškup plays for N.K. Zagreb
Dražen Biškup plays for N.K. Dinamo Zagreb
Dražen Biškup plays for Croatia national under-21 football team
Dražen Biškup plays for SK Admira Wien
Dražen Biškup plays for NK Lokomotiva
Mathias Florén is affiliated to GIF Sundsvall
Mathias Florén is affiliated to IFK Norrköping
Mathias Florén is affiliated to FC Groningen
Mathias Florén is affiliated to IF Elfsborg
Mathias Florén is affiliated to Sweden national football team
Mathias Florén is affiliated to Sweden national under-21 football team
Mathias Florén is affiliated to Sweden national under-19 football team
Mathias Florén is affiliated to IFK Göteborg
Mathias Florén is affiliated to Östers IF
Mathias Florén is affiliated to Sweden national under-17 football team
"Hillsboro, Texas is located in Hill County, Texas"
"Hillsboro, Texas is located in Texas"
"Hillsboro, Texas is located in United States"
"Hillsboro, Texas is located in Hillsboro, Texas"
"Hillsboro, Texas is located in California"
"Hillsboro, Texas is located in France"
"Hillsboro, Texas is located in Illinois"
"Hillsboro, Texas is located in Sweden"
"Hillsboro, Texas is located in Michigan"
"Hillsboro, Texas is located in Italy"
Joe Cooke is affiliated to Wrexham F.C.
Joe Cooke is affiliated to Rochdale A.F.C.
Joe Cooke is affiliated to Bradford City A.F.C.
Joe Cooke is affiliated to Oxford United F.C.
Joe Cooke is affiliated to Peterborough United F.C.
Joe Cooke is affiliated to Exeter City F.C.
Joe Cooke is affiliated to Chester City F.C.
Joe Cooke is affiliated to Torquay United F.C.
Joe Cooke is affiliated to Huddersfield Town F.C.
Joe Cooke is affiliated to Doncaster Rovers F.C.
Kevin Volland is affiliated to TSG Thannhausen
Kevin Volland is affiliated to FC Memmingen
Kevin Volland is affiliated to TSG 1899 Hoffenheim
Kevin Volland is affiliated to de/Deutsche Fußballnationalmannschaft (U-17-Junioren)
Kevin Volland is affiliated to TSV 1860 München
Kevin Volland is affiliated to de/Deutsche Fußballnationalmannschaft (U-20-Männer)
Kevin Volland is affiliated to TSV 1860 München II
Kevin Volland is affiliated to Germany national youth football team
Kevin Volland is affiliated to de/Deutsche Fußballnationalmannschaft (U-19-Junioren)
Kevin Volland is affiliated to Germany national under-21 football team
Renato Silva is affiliated to São Paulo FC
Renato Silva is affiliated to São Paulo F.C.
Renato Silva is affiliated to Shandong Luneng Taishan F.C.
Renato Silva is affiliated to Goiás E.C.
Renato Silva is affiliated to Fluminense FC
Renato Silva is affiliated to Clube de Regatas do Flamengo
Renato Silva is affiliated to CR Vasco da Gama
Renato Silva is affiliated to Botafogo de Futebol e Regatas
Renato Silva is affiliated to C.F. Os Belenenses
Renato Silva is affiliated to Goiás Esporte Clube
Halls of Montezuma (film) is located in United States
Halls of Montezuma (film) is located in United Kingdom
Halls of Montezuma (film) is located in France
Halls of Montezuma (film) is located in India
Halls of Montezuma (film) is located in Germany
Halls of Montezuma (film) is located in West Germany
Halls of Montezuma (film) is located in Canada
Halls of Montezuma (film) is located in Italy
Halls of Montezuma (film) is located in Japan
Halls of Montezuma (film) is located in China
Armand Ossey was born in Libreville
Armand Ossey was born in Paris
Armand Ossey was born in Dakar
Armand Ossey was born in Marseille
Armand Ossey was born in Douala
Armand Ossey was born in Lyon
Armand Ossey was born in Colombes
Armand Ossey was born in Yaoundé
Armand Ossey was born in Abidjan
Armand Ossey was born in Cotonou
Jason Batty plays for Bay Olympic
Jason Batty plays for Sacramento Geckos
Jason Batty plays for North Shore United
Jason Batty plays for New Zealand national football team
Jason Batty plays for Glenfield Rovers
Jason Batty plays for Wroxham F.C.
Jason Batty plays for New Zealand Knights FC
Jason Batty plays for Geylang International FC
Jason Batty plays for Norwich City F.C.
Jason Batty plays for Scunthorpe United F.C.
Cesária Évora Airport is connected to Nelson Mandela International Airport
Cesária Évora Airport is connected to Amílcar Cabral International Airport
Cesária Évora Airport is connected to Amsterdam Airport Schiphol
Cesária Évora Airport is connected to Charles de Gaulle Airport
Cesária Évora Airport is connected to Madeira Airport
Cesária Évora Airport is connected to Frankfurt Airport
Cesária Évora Airport is connected to Aristides Pereira International Airport
Cesária Évora Airport is connected to Gran Canaria Airport
Cesária Évora Airport is connected to Brussels Airport
Cesária Évora Airport is connected to Lisbon Portela Airport
Evangelos Koronios was born in Athens
Evangelos Koronios was born in Piraeus
Evangelos Koronios was born in Thessaloniki
Evangelos Koronios was born in Kavala
Evangelos Koronios was born in Belgrade
Evangelos Koronios was born in Chicago
Evangelos Koronios was born in London
Evangelos Koronios was born in Philadelphia
Evangelos Koronios was born in Los Angeles
Evangelos Koronios was born in Toronto
Juan Pablo Garat was born in Buenos Aires
Juan Pablo Garat was born in Bucharest
Juan Pablo Garat was born in Lanús
"Juan Pablo Garat was born in Córdoba, Argentina"
Juan Pablo Garat was born in Avellaneda
Juan Pablo Garat was born in Timișoara
Juan Pablo Garat was born in Quilmes
Juan Pablo Garat was born in Paris
Juan Pablo Garat was born in London
Juan Pablo Garat was born in Rio de Janeiro
Nick Barmby plays for England national football team
Nick Barmby plays for England national under-21 football team
Nick Barmby plays for Leeds United A.F.C.
Nick Barmby plays for Middlesbrough F.C.
Nick Barmby plays for Tottenham Hotspur F.C.
Nick Barmby plays for Nottingham Forest F.C.
Nick Barmby plays for Liverpool F.C.
Nick Barmby plays for Everton F.C.
Nick Barmby plays for England national football B team
Nick Barmby plays for Hull City A.F.C.
José Juan Figueras is affiliated to Celta de Vigo B
José Juan Figueras is affiliated to Águilas CF
José Juan Figueras is affiliated to Granada 74 CF
José Juan Figueras is affiliated to CD Lugo
José Juan Figueras is affiliated to Ciudad de Murcia
José Juan Figueras is affiliated to CD Ourense
José Juan Figueras is affiliated to Granada CF
José Juan Figueras is affiliated to Celta de Vigo
José Juan Figueras is affiliated to Real Valladolid B
José Juan Figueras is affiliated to R.C. Celta de Vigo
Bernard Harrison is affiliated to Winchester City F.C.
Bernard Harrison is affiliated to Poole Town F.C.
Bernard Harrison is affiliated to Dorchester Town F.C.
Bernard Harrison is affiliated to Southampton F.C.
Bernard Harrison is affiliated to Portsmouth F.C.
Bernard Harrison is affiliated to Exeter City F.C.
Bernard Harrison is affiliated to Andover F.C.
Bernard Harrison is affiliated to Crystal Palace F.C.
Bernard Harrison is affiliated to A.F.C. Bournemouth
Bernard Harrison is affiliated to Weymouth F.C.
Jean-Louis Akpa Akpro plays for Toulouse FC
Jean-Louis Akpa Akpro plays for Bury F.C.
Jean-Louis Akpa Akpro plays for Tranmere Rovers F.C.
Jean-Louis Akpa Akpro plays for RWDM Brussels FC
Jean-Louis Akpa Akpro plays for Rochdale A.F.C.
Jean-Louis Akpa Akpro plays for Stade Brestois 29
Jean-Louis Akpa Akpro plays for Toulouse F.C.
Jean-Louis Akpa Akpro plays for Grimsby Town F.C.
Jean-Louis Akpa Akpro plays for Stockport County F.C.
Jean-Louis Akpa Akpro plays for Oldham Athletic A.F.C.
"Miami Springs, Florida is located in Miami-Dade County"
"Miami Springs, Florida is located in Miami-Dade County, Florida"
"Miami Springs, Florida is located in Florida"
"Miami Springs, Florida is located in United States"
"Miami Springs, Florida is located in California"
"Miami Springs, Florida is located in Broward County, Florida"
"Miami Springs, Florida is located in Poland"
"Miami Springs, Florida is located in Canada"
"Miami Springs, Florida is located in Texas"
"Miami Springs, Florida is located in Palm Beach County, Florida"
Arturo Michelena International Airport is connected to Manuel Carlos Piar Guayana Airport
Arturo Michelena International Airport is connected to José Tadeo Monagas International Airport
Arturo Michelena International Airport is connected to Curaçao International Airport
Arturo Michelena International Airport is connected to Queen Beatrix International Airport
Arturo Michelena International Airport is connected to Del Caribe \u0022Santiago Mariño\u0022 International Airport
Arturo Michelena International Airport is connected to General José Antonio Anzoátegui International Airport
Arturo Michelena International Airport is connected to Miami International Airport
Arturo Michelena International Airport is connected to La Chinita International Airport
Arturo Michelena International Airport is connected to Tocumen International Airport
Arturo Michelena International Airport is connected to Arturo Michelena International Airport
Alf Farman is affiliated to Aston Villa F.C.
Alf Farman is affiliated to Bolton Wanderers F.C.
Alf Farman is affiliated to Manchester United F.C.
Alf Farman is affiliated to England national football team
Alf Farman is affiliated to Birmingham City F.C.
Alf Farman is affiliated to England national under-21 football team
Alf Farman is affiliated to Derby County F.C.
Alf Farman is affiliated to Manchester City F.C.
Alf Farman is affiliated to West Bromwich Albion F.C.
Alf Farman is affiliated to Everton F.C.
Rafał Murawski is affiliated to Arka Gdynia
Rafał Murawski is affiliated to Amica Wronki
Rafał Murawski is affiliated to FC Rubin Kazan
Rafał Murawski is affiliated to Pogoń Szczecin
Rafał Murawski is affiliated to Rubin Kazan
Rafał Murawski is affiliated to Lech Poznań
Rafał Murawski is affiliated to Poland national football team
Rafał Murawski is affiliated to Widzew Łódź
Rafał Murawski is affiliated to Poland national under-21 football team
Rafał Murawski is affiliated to Górnik Zabrze
Luciano Chiarugi is affiliated to San Frediano Rondinella S.S.
Luciano Chiarugi is affiliated to S.S.D. Massese
Luciano Chiarugi is affiliated to A.C. Rimini 1912
Luciano Chiarugi is affiliated to Italy national football team
Luciano Chiarugi is affiliated to A.C. Milan
Luciano Chiarugi is affiliated to Bologna F.C. 1909
Luciano Chiarugi is affiliated to U.C. Sampdoria
Luciano Chiarugi is affiliated to ACF Fiorentina
Luciano Chiarugi is affiliated to S.S.C. Napoli
Luciano Chiarugi is affiliated to A.C.F. Fiorentina
António Mendonça plays for F.C. Bravos do Maquis
António Mendonça plays for Angola national football team
António Mendonça plays for Santos Futebol Clube de Angola
António Mendonça plays for C.D. Primeiro de Agosto
António Mendonça plays for G.D. Interclube
António Mendonça plays for G.D. Chaves
António Mendonça plays for Varzim S.C.
António Mendonça plays for C.F. Os Belenenses
António Mendonça plays for C.F. Estrela da Amadora
António Mendonça plays for Atlético Petróleos de Luanda
Justin Moose plays for Carolina Dynamo
Justin Moose plays for D.C. United
Justin Moose plays for Seinäjoen Jalkapallokerho
Justin Moose plays for Vancouver Whitecaps (1986–2010)
Justin Moose plays for Helsingin Jalkapalloklubi
Justin Moose plays for Sriracha F.C.
Justin Moose plays for FC Haka
Justin Moose plays for Finland national football team
Justin Moose plays for Atlanta Silverbacks
Justin Moose plays for Virginia Beach Mariners
Metin Türel is affiliated to Vefa S.K.
Metin Türel is affiliated to İstanbulspor A.Ş.
Metin Türel is affiliated to Galatasaray S.K.
Metin Türel is affiliated to Türk Telekom GSK
Metin Türel is affiliated to Galatasaray S.K. (football)
Metin Türel is affiliated to Turkey national football team
Metin Türel is affiliated to Fenerbahçe S.K. (football)
Metin Türel is affiliated to Turkey national under-21 football team
Metin Türel is affiliated to Ankara Demirspor
Metin Türel is affiliated to MKE Ankaragücü
Samed Abdul Awudu plays for Bnei Sakhnin F.C.
Samed Abdul Awudu plays for Maccabi Netanya F.C.
Samed Abdul Awudu plays for Ratchaburi F.C.
Samed Abdul Awudu plays for Ghana national under-17 football team
Samed Abdul Awudu plays for Hapoel Ramat Gan Giv'atayim F.C.
Samed Abdul Awudu plays for Accra Hearts of Oak SC
Samed Abdul Awudu plays for SC Bregenz
Samed Abdul Awudu plays for Hapoel Ironi Acre F.C.
Samed Abdul Awudu plays for FC Senec
Samed Abdul Awudu plays for Ghana national football team
Joe Jacobson is affiliated to Wales national under-21 football team
Joe Jacobson is affiliated to Accrington Stanley F.C.
Joe Jacobson is affiliated to Shrewsbury Town F.C.
Joe Jacobson is affiliated to Bristol Rovers F.C.
Joe Jacobson is affiliated to Oldham Athletic A.F.C.
Joe Jacobson is affiliated to Cardiff City F.C.
Joe Jacobson is affiliated to Wales national football team
Joe Jacobson is affiliated to Wrexham F.C.
Joe Jacobson is affiliated to Rochdale A.F.C.
Joe Jacobson is affiliated to Hereford United F.C.
Pascal Heije was born in Amsterdam
Pascal Heije was born in Paramaribo
Pascal Heije was born in Deventer
Pascal Heije was born in Rotterdam
Pascal Heije was born in Utrecht
Pascal Heije was born in Breda
Pascal Heije was born in Arnhem
Pascal Heije was born in Leiden
Pascal Heije was born in Tilburg
Pascal Heije was born in The Hague
Archie Robertson (footballer) is affiliated to Rutherglen Glencairn F.C.
Archie Robertson (footballer) is affiliated to Scottish Football League XI
Archie Robertson (footballer) is affiliated to Cowdenbeath F.C.
Archie Robertson (footballer) is affiliated to Scotland national football team
Archie Robertson (footballer) is affiliated to Clyde F.C.
Archie Robertson (footballer) is affiliated to Greenock Morton F.C.
Archie Robertson (footballer) is affiliated to Rangers F.C.
Archie Robertson (footballer) is affiliated to Hibernian F.C.
Archie Robertson (footballer) is affiliated to Dundee F.C.
Archie Robertson (footballer) is affiliated to Celtic F.C.
Bloc Québécois is located in Montreal
Bloc Québécois is located in Canada
Bloc Québécois is located in United States
Bloc Québécois is located in Quebec
Bloc Québécois is located in Toronto
Bloc Québécois is located in Ontario
Bloc Québécois is located in France
Bloc Québécois is located in Ottawa
Bloc Québécois is located in Vancouver
Bloc Québécois is located in Germany
Ricardo Gomes has gender male
Ricardo Gomes has gender female
Ricardo Gomes has gender United Kingdom
Ricardo Gomes has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Ricardo Gomes has gender Tomsk
Ricardo Gomes has gender Azerbaijan
Ricardo Gomes has gender Hong Kong
Ricardo Gomes has gender Africa
Ricardo Gomes has gender France
Ricardo Gomes has gender London
Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic has official language Russian language
Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic has official language Ukrainian language
Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic has official language French language
Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic has official language English language
Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic has official language Italian language
Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic has official language German language
Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic has official language Dutch language
Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic has official language Arabic language
Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic has official language Portuguese language
Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic has official language Spanish language
Jean Chrétien has child Lucien Bouchard
Jean Chrétien has child Jean Chrétien
Jean Chrétien has child Kim Campbell
Jean Chrétien has child Jean Charest
Jean Chrétien has child Pauline Marois
Jean Chrétien has child Brian Mulroney
Jean Chrétien has child John Turner
Jean Chrétien has child Justin Trudeau
Jean Chrétien has child Joe Clark
Jean Chrétien has child Bernard Landry
Igor de Camargo is affiliated to K. Beringen-Heusden-Zolder
Igor de Camargo is affiliated to RWDM Brussels FC
Igor de Camargo is affiliated to K.R.C. Genk
Igor de Camargo is affiliated to FC Brussels
Igor de Camargo is affiliated to Belgium national football team
Igor de Camargo is affiliated to Standard Liège
Igor de Camargo is affiliated to TSG 1899 Hoffenheim
Igor de Camargo is affiliated to Borussia Mönchengladbach
Igor de Camargo is affiliated to R.S.C. Anderlecht
Igor de Camargo is affiliated to K. Sint-Truidense V.V.
Rudi Gores plays for MSV Duisburg
Rudi Gores plays for Viktoria Aschaffenburg
Rudi Gores plays for Borussia Mönchengladbach
Rudi Gores plays for SC Fortuna Köln
Rudi Gores plays for Tennis Borussia Berlin
Rudi Gores plays for Fortuna Düsseldorf
Rudi Gores plays for Rot-Weiss Essen
Rudi Gores plays for FC Rot-Weiß Erfurt
Rudi Gores plays for C.D. Tenerife
Rudi Gores plays for CD Tenerife
Rubén Garabaya plays for BM Valladolid
Rubén Garabaya plays for CB Ademar León
Rubén Garabaya plays for FC Barcelona Handbol
Rubén Garabaya plays for Spain national handball team
Rubén Garabaya plays for BM Ciudad Real
Rubén Garabaya plays for SDC San Antonio
Rubén Garabaya plays for Atlético Madrid BM
Rubén Garabaya plays for BM Neptuno
Rubén Garabaya plays for KIF Kolding
Rubén Garabaya plays for THW Kiel
Darius Kampa is affiliated to Germany national under-21 football team
Darius Kampa is affiliated to FC Augsburg
Darius Kampa is affiliated to 1. FC Nürnberg
Darius Kampa is affiliated to Germany Olympic football team
Darius Kampa is affiliated to SK Sturm Graz
Darius Kampa is affiliated to S.K. Sturm Graz
Darius Kampa is affiliated to 1. FC Nuremberg
Darius Kampa is affiliated to SpVgg Unterhaching
Darius Kampa is affiliated to Borussia Mönchengladbach
Darius Kampa is affiliated to Zalaegerszegi TE
Anita Kulcsár plays for Dunaújvárosi NKS
Anita Kulcsár plays for Hungary women's national handball team
Anita Kulcsár plays for Fehérvár KC
Anita Kulcsár plays for Győri Audi ETO KC
Anita Kulcsár plays for Dunaferr SE (men's handball)
Anita Kulcsár plays for RK Krim
Anita Kulcsár plays for Ferencvárosi TC (women's handball)
Anita Kulcsár plays for Vasas SC (women's handball)
Anita Kulcsár plays for Hypo Niederösterreich
Anita Kulcsár plays for FC Midtjylland Håndbold
Lars Unger is affiliated to Fortuna Düsseldorf
Lars Unger is affiliated to Germany national under-21 football team
Lars Unger is affiliated to SV Werder Bremen II
Lars Unger is affiliated to SC Bregenz
Lars Unger is affiliated to SV Werder Bremen
Lars Unger is affiliated to Werder Bremen
Lars Unger is affiliated to Southend United F.C.
Lars Unger is affiliated to Germany national football team
Lars Unger is affiliated to Borussia Mönchengladbach
Lars Unger is affiliated to Germany national football B team
Dimitar Berbatov is affiliated to Bulgaria national football team
Dimitar Berbatov is affiliated to PFC CSKA Sofia
Dimitar Berbatov is affiliated to AS Monaco FC
Dimitar Berbatov is affiliated to Fulham F.C.
Dimitar Berbatov is affiliated to FC Pirin Blagoevgrad
Dimitar Berbatov is affiliated to Bulgaria national under-21 football team
Dimitar Berbatov is affiliated to A.S. Monaco F.C.
Dimitar Berbatov is affiliated to Tottenham Hotspur F.C.
Dimitar Berbatov is affiliated to Manchester United F.C.
Dimitar Berbatov is affiliated to Bayer 04 Leverkusen
Dejan Djuranovič plays for NK Izola
Dejan Djuranovič plays for NK Olimpija Ljubljana (defunct)
Dejan Djuranovič plays for Slovenia national football team
Dejan Djuranovič plays for NK Domžale
Dejan Djuranovič plays for FK Laktaši
Dejan Djuranovič plays for NK Maribor
Dejan Djuranovič plays for NK Svoboda
Dejan Djuranovič plays for ND Gorica
Dejan Djuranovič plays for NK Olimpija Ljubljana (2005)
Dejan Djuranovič plays for Slovenia national under-21 football team
Michael Hedges has musical role wordnet pennywhistle 103912218
Michael Hedges has musical role wordnet flute 103372029
Michael Hedges has musical role wordnet harmonica 103494278
Michael Hedges has musical role wordnet piano 103928116
Michael Hedges has musical role wordnet guitar 103467517
Michael Hedges has musical role wordnet vocal music 107282006
Michael Hedges has musical role wordnet sax 104141076
Michael Hedges has musical role wordnet bass guitar 102804123
Michael Hedges has musical role wordnet percussion 100545059
Michael Hedges has musical role wordnet mandolin 103716966
Stanislav Bachev plays for PFC Marek Dupnitsa
Stanislav Bachev plays for FC Pirin Blagoevgrad
Stanislav Bachev plays for PFC Beroe Stara Zagora
Stanislav Bachev plays for Baku FC
Stanislav Bachev plays for PFC Litex Lovech
Stanislav Bachev plays for PFC Pirin Blagoevgrad
Stanislav Bachev plays for PFC CSKA Sofia
Stanislav Bachev plays for PFC Cherno More Varna
Stanislav Bachev plays for Bulgaria national football team
Stanislav Bachev plays for PFC Minyor Pernik
Meyaneh County is located in East Azerbaijan Province
Meyaneh County is located in United States
Meyaneh County is located in Iran
Meyaneh County is located in Poland
Meyaneh County is located in Japan
Meyaneh County is located in India
Meyaneh County is located in Masovian Voivodeship
Meyaneh County is located in Canada
Meyaneh County is located in China
Meyaneh County is located in United Kingdom
Martín Demichelis has gender male
Martín Demichelis has gender female
Martín Demichelis has gender Tomsk
Martín Demichelis has gender London
Martín Demichelis has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Martín Demichelis has gender Paris
Martín Demichelis has gender Golden Globe Award
Martín Demichelis has gender London Heathrow Terminal 3
Martín Demichelis has gender United Kingdom
Martín Demichelis has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Mickaël Facchinetti is affiliated to Switzerland national football team
Mickaël Facchinetti is affiliated to Switzerland national under-21 football team
Mickaël Facchinetti is affiliated to FC Lausanne-Sport
Mickaël Facchinetti is affiliated to FC Lugano
Mickaël Facchinetti is affiliated to Neuchâtel Xamax
Mickaël Facchinetti is affiliated to A.C. Chievo Verona
Mickaël Facchinetti is affiliated to A.C. ChievoVerona
Mickaël Facchinetti is affiliated to Grasshopper Club Zürich
Mickaël Facchinetti is affiliated to BSC Young Boys
Mickaël Facchinetti is affiliated to Servette FC
Minabo Asechemie has gender male
Minabo Asechemie has gender female
Minabo Asechemie has gender France
Minabo Asechemie has gender United Kingdom
Minabo Asechemie has gender Italy
Minabo Asechemie has gender Paris
Minabo Asechemie has gender London
Minabo Asechemie has gender Hong Kong
Minabo Asechemie has gender Turkey
Minabo Asechemie has gender United States
Valerio Di Cesare is affiliated to Mantova F.C.
Valerio Di Cesare is affiliated to U.C. AlbinoLeffe
Valerio Di Cesare is affiliated to A.S. Avellino 1912
Valerio Di Cesare is affiliated to U.S. Catanzaro 1929
Valerio Di Cesare is affiliated to Vicenza Calcio
Valerio Di Cesare is affiliated to S.S. Lazio
Valerio Di Cesare is affiliated to Brescia Calcio
Valerio Di Cesare is affiliated to Torino F.C.
Valerio Di Cesare is affiliated to Chelsea F.C.
Valerio Di Cesare is affiliated to Torino F.C. 1906
Kingdom of France has capital Kingdom of France
Kingdom of France has capital Versailles
Kingdom of France has capital Paris
Kingdom of France has capital St. Louis
Kingdom of France has capital Holy Roman Empire
Kingdom of France has capital Armée des Émigrés
Kingdom of France has capital France
Kingdom of France has capital Spain
Kingdom of France has capital Madrid
Kingdom of France has capital Order of Saint Michael
Klaus Berggreen is affiliated to A.C. Pisa 1909
Klaus Berggreen is affiliated to Denmark national football team
Klaus Berggreen is affiliated to Denmark national under-21 football team
Klaus Berggreen is affiliated to Lyngby Boldklub
Klaus Berggreen is affiliated to A.C. Pisa 1909 S.S.D.
Klaus Berggreen is affiliated to A.S. Roma
Klaus Berggreen is affiliated to Torino F.C.
Klaus Berggreen is affiliated to Torino F.C. 1906
Klaus Berggreen is affiliated to Denmark national under-19 football team
Klaus Berggreen is affiliated to Juventus F.C.
Piá (footballer born 1982) plays for A.C.D. Treviso 2013
Piá (footballer born 1982) plays for A.S.D. Portogruaro
Piá (footballer born 1982) plays for Atalanta B.C.
Piá (footballer born 1982) plays for Torino F.C.
Piá (footballer born 1982) plays for Calcio Catania
Piá (footballer born 1982) plays for U.S. Lecce
Piá (footballer born 1982) plays for U.S. Pergolettese 1932
Piá (footballer born 1982) plays for S.S.C. Napoli
Piá (footballer born 1982) plays for AEL 1964 FC
Piá (footballer born 1982) plays for Ascoli Calcio 1898
Dean Sturridge plays for Kidderminster Harriers F.C.
Dean Sturridge plays for Derby County F.C.
Dean Sturridge plays for Queens Park Rangers F.C.
Dean Sturridge plays for Torquay United F.C.
Dean Sturridge plays for Leicester City F.C.
Dean Sturridge plays for Sheffield United F.C.
Dean Sturridge plays for Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C.
Dean Sturridge plays for Aston Villa F.C.
Dean Sturridge plays for Birmingham City F.C.
Dean Sturridge plays for Walsall F.C.
Luis La Fuente plays for Defensor Lima
Luis La Fuente plays for Deportivo Municipal
Luis La Fuente plays for Club Universitario de Deportes
Luis La Fuente plays for Peru national football team
Luis La Fuente plays for Boca Juniors
Luis La Fuente plays for Sporting Cristal
Luis La Fuente plays for Sport Boys
Luis La Fuente plays for Club Deportivo Municipal
Luis La Fuente plays for Alianza Lima
Luis La Fuente plays for Atlético Chalaco
Seo Dong-hyeon plays for Ansan Police FC
Seo Dong-hyeon plays for Gangwon FC
Seo Dong-hyeon plays for Konkuk University
Seo Dong-hyeon plays for South Korea national under-23 football team
Seo Dong-hyeon plays for Suwon Samsung Bluewings
Seo Dong-hyeon plays for South Korea national football team
Seo Dong-hyeon plays for Jeju United FC
Seo Dong-hyeon plays for South Korea national under-20 football team
Seo Dong-hyeon plays for Seongnam FC
Seo Dong-hyeon plays for Busan IPark
Augusta of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach died in Weimar
Augusta of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach died in Potsdam
Augusta of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach died in Paris
Augusta of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach died in Berlin
Augusta of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach died in London
Augusta of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach died in Munich
Augusta of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach died in Altenburg
Augusta of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach died in Neuilly-sur-Seine
Augusta of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach died in Vienna
Augusta of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach died in Saint Petersburg
Darren Gribben has gender male
Darren Gribben has gender female
Darren Gribben has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Darren Gribben has gender Brazil
Darren Gribben has gender United Kingdom
Darren Gribben has gender Tomsk
Darren Gribben has gender wordnet chemical 114806838
Darren Gribben has gender Golden Globe Award
Darren Gribben has gender Turkey
Darren Gribben has gender César Award
Engin Verel is affiliated to Turkey national football team
Engin Verel is affiliated to Lille O.S.C.
Engin Verel is affiliated to Fenerbahçe S.K. (football)
Engin Verel is affiliated to Lille OSC
Engin Verel is affiliated to Galatasaray S.K.
Engin Verel is affiliated to R.S.C. Anderlecht
Engin Verel is affiliated to Hertha BSC
Engin Verel is affiliated to Galatasaray S.K. (football)
Engin Verel is affiliated to Turkey national under-21 football team
Engin Verel is affiliated to Fenerbahçe S.K.
Derek Lilley plays for St. Johnstone F.C.
Derek Lilley plays for Dundee United F.C.
Derek Lilley plays for Stirling Albion F.C.
Derek Lilley plays for Forfar Athletic F.C.
Derek Lilley plays for Greenock Morton F.C.
Derek Lilley plays for Heart of Midlothian F.C.
Derek Lilley plays for Leeds United A.F.C.
Derek Lilley plays for Bury F.C.
Derek Lilley plays for Oxford United F.C.
Derek Lilley plays for Livingston F.C.
Podolsk is located in Moscow Oblast
Podolsk is located in Central economic region
Podolsk is located in United States
Podolsk is located in Europe
Podolsk is located in Podolsk
Podolsk is located in Poland
Podolsk is located in Russia
Podolsk is located in Lists of World Heritage Sites in Europe
Podolsk is located in Germany
Podolsk is located in France
Vladimirs Kamešs plays for Latvia national under-21 football team
Vladimirs Kamešs plays for Latvia national under-19 football team
Vladimirs Kamešs plays for Latvia national football team
Vladimirs Kamešs plays for FK Liepājas Metalurgs
Vladimirs Kamešs plays for FB Gulbene
Vladimirs Kamešs plays for FC Amkar Perm
Vladimirs Kamešs plays for FC Neftekhimik Nizhnekamsk
Vladimirs Kamešs plays for FK Daugava (2003)
Vladimirs Kamešs plays for Skonto FC
Vladimirs Kamešs plays for FK Ventspils
"West Hills, Los Angeles is located in California"
"West Hills, Los Angeles is located in Los Angeles"
"West Hills, Los Angeles is located in United States"
"West Hills, Los Angeles is located in New York City"
"West Hills, Los Angeles is located in Los Angeles County, California"
"West Hills, Los Angeles is located in Canada"
"West Hills, Los Angeles is located in United Kingdom"
"West Hills, Los Angeles is located in Los Angeles County"
"West Hills, Los Angeles is located in San Francisco"
"West Hills, Los Angeles is located in France"
Ryan Sugden plays for Farsley Celtic A.F.C.
Ryan Sugden plays for F.C. Halifax Town
Ryan Sugden plays for Bradford Park Avenue A.F.C.
Ryan Sugden plays for Halifax Town A.F.C.
Ryan Sugden plays for Morecambe F.C.
Ryan Sugden plays for Scarborough F.C.
Ryan Sugden plays for Burton Albion F.C.
Ryan Sugden plays for Chester City F.C.
Ryan Sugden plays for Oldham Athletic A.F.C.
Ryan Sugden plays for Bradford City A.F.C.
Edmundo Rodriguez is affiliated to Sacramento Geckos
Edmundo Rodriguez is affiliated to Hershey Wildcats
Edmundo Rodriguez is affiliated to Raleigh Express
Edmundo Rodriguez is affiliated to Harrisburg Heat
Edmundo Rodriguez is affiliated to Tampa Bay Terror
Edmundo Rodriguez is affiliated to Charleston Battery
Edmundo Rodriguez is affiliated to University of New Mexico
Edmundo Rodriguez is affiliated to Sporting Kansas City
Edmundo Rodriguez is affiliated to Atlanta Silverbacks
Edmundo Rodriguez is affiliated to Estudiantes Tecos
Vaali (poet) has won prize Tamil Nadu State Film Awards
Vaali (poet) has won prize Filmfare Awards South
Vaali (poet) has won prize National Film Awards (India)
Vaali (poet) has won prize Nandi Awards
Vaali (poet) has won prize Kalaimamani
Vaali (poet) has won prize Padma Shri
Vaali (poet) has won prize Kerala State Film Award
Vaali (poet) has won prize Padma Bhushan
Vaali (poet) has won prize Filmfare Awards
Vaali (poet) has won prize Golden Globe Award
Guðjón Þórðarson has gender male
Guðjón Þórðarson has gender female
Guðjón Þórðarson has gender London
Guðjón Þórðarson has gender Azerbaijan
Guðjón Þórðarson has gender Turkey
Guðjón Þórðarson has gender United Kingdom
Guðjón Þórðarson has gender Italy
Guðjón Þórðarson has gender Ukraine
Guðjón Þórðarson has gender Democratic Party (United States)
Guðjón Þórðarson has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Ron Davies (footballer born 1932) is affiliated to Andover F.C.
Ron Davies (footballer born 1932) is affiliated to Aldershot F.C.
Ron Davies (footballer born 1932) is affiliated to Merthyr Tydfil F.C.
Ron Davies (footballer born 1932) is affiliated to Cardiff City F.C.
Ron Davies (footballer born 1932) is affiliated to Wales national football team
Ron Davies (footballer born 1932) is affiliated to Barry Town United F.C.
Ron Davies (footballer born 1932) is affiliated to Southampton F.C.
Ron Davies (footballer born 1932) is affiliated to Newport County A.F.C.
Ron Davies (footballer born 1932) is affiliated to Swansea City A.F.C.
Ron Davies (footballer born 1932) is affiliated to Fulham F.C.
John Williams has gender female
John Williams has gender male
John Williams has gender English language
John Williams has gender Turkey
John Williams has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
John Williams has gender Ankara
John Williams has gender United States
John Williams has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
John Williams has gender France
John Williams has gender United Kingdom
Alan Sunderland is affiliated to Ipswich Town F.C.
Alan Sunderland is affiliated to Arsenal F.C.
Alan Sunderland is affiliated to Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C.
Alan Sunderland is affiliated to England national football B team
Alan Sunderland is affiliated to England national football team
Alan Sunderland is affiliated to England national under-21 football team
Alan Sunderland is affiliated to Derry City F.C.
Alan Sunderland is affiliated to West Ham United F.C.
Alan Sunderland is affiliated to Sunderland A.F.C.
Alan Sunderland is affiliated to Manchester City F.C.
Jacques Grimonpon plays for Lille OSC
Jacques Grimonpon plays for FC Girondins de Bordeaux
Jacques Grimonpon plays for Olympique Lyonnais
Jacques Grimonpon plays for France national football team
Jacques Grimonpon plays for Le Havre AC
Jacques Grimonpon plays for Le Havre A.C.
Jacques Grimonpon plays for Lille O.S.C.
Jacques Grimonpon plays for F.C. Girondins de Bordeaux
Jacques Grimonpon plays for France national under-21 football team
Jacques Grimonpon plays for Olympique de Marseille
Agustín Julio plays for Independiente Medellín
Agustín Julio plays for Once Caldas
Agustín Julio plays for Deportes Tolima
Agustín Julio plays for Junior F.C.
Agustín Julio plays for Colombia national football team
Agustín Julio plays for Independiente Santa Fe
Agustín Julio plays for Unión Magdalena
Agustín Julio plays for Junior de Barranquilla
Agustín Julio plays for América de Cali
Agustín Julio plays for Deportivo Cali
Jordy Clasie is affiliated to Netherlands national under-21 football team
Jordy Clasie is affiliated to Netherlands national under-19 football team
Jordy Clasie is affiliated to SBV Excelsior
Jordy Clasie is affiliated to S.B.V. Excelsior
Jordy Clasie is affiliated to Netherlands national football team
Jordy Clasie is affiliated to Feyenoord
Jordy Clasie is affiliated to Netherlands national under-17 football team
Jordy Clasie is affiliated to A.F.C. Ajax
Jordy Clasie is affiliated to Sparta Rotterdam
Jordy Clasie is affiliated to ADO Den Haag
"Glen Cove, New York is located in Nassau County, New York"
"Glen Cove, New York is located in New York metropolitan area"
"Glen Cove, New York is located in United States"
"Glen Cove, New York is located in England"
"Glen Cove, New York is located in Scotland"
"Glen Cove, New York is located in United Kingdom"
"Glen Cove, New York is located in Connecticut"
"Glen Cove, New York is located in California"
"Glen Cove, New York is located in New Jersey"
"Glen Cove, New York is located in Westchester County, New York"
"Niterói is located in Southeast Region, Brazil"
Niterói is located in Southeast (Brazil)
Niterói is located in Brazil
Niterói is located in Rio de Janeiro (state)
Niterói is located in São Paulo (state)
Niterói is located in Minas Gerais
Niterói is located in Argentina
"Niterói is located in Northeast Region, Brazil"
Niterói is located in Northeast (Brazil)
Niterói is located in South (Brazil)
Seimone Augustus has won prize WNBA Rookie of the Year Award
Seimone Augustus has won prize WNBA Finals Most Valuable Player Award
Seimone Augustus has won prize All-WNBA Team
Seimone Augustus has won prize Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
Seimone Augustus has won prize Order of the Lithuanian Grand Duke Gediminas
Seimone Augustus has won prize Order of Friendship
Seimone Augustus has won prize Golden Globe Award
Seimone Augustus has won prize Nobel Peace Prize
Seimone Augustus has won prize Tony Award
Seimone Augustus has won prize Grammy Award
Rúben Lima is affiliated to Portugal national under-17 football team
Rúben Lima is affiliated to Portugal national under-19 football team
Rúben Lima is affiliated to Portugal national under-18 football team
Rúben Lima is affiliated to C.D. Aves
Rúben Lima is affiliated to S.L. Benfica
Rúben Lima is affiliated to Vitória F.C.
Rúben Lima is affiliated to S.C. Beira-Mar
Rúben Lima is affiliated to GNK Dinamo Zagreb
Rúben Lima is affiliated to Portugal national under-21 football team
Rúben Lima is affiliated to HNK Hajduk Split
David Gregory (footballer born 1970) plays for Wivenhoe Town F.C.
David Gregory (footballer born 1970) plays for Colchester United F.C.
David Gregory (footballer born 1970) plays for Ipswich Town F.C.
David Gregory (footballer born 1970) plays for Canvey Island F.C.
David Gregory (footballer born 1970) plays for Peterborough United F.C.
David Gregory (footballer born 1970) plays for Hereford United F.C.
David Gregory (footballer born 1970) plays for Chelmsford City F.C.
David Gregory (footballer born 1970) plays for Cambridge United F.C.
David Gregory (footballer born 1970) plays for Leyton Orient F.C.
David Gregory (footballer born 1970) plays for Heybridge Swifts F.C.
John O'Neill (Northern Ireland footballer) plays for Northern Ireland national football team
John O'Neill (Northern Ireland footballer) plays for Norwich City F.C.
John O'Neill (Northern Ireland footballer) plays for Leicester City F.C.
John O'Neill (Northern Ireland footballer) plays for Queens Park Rangers F.C.
John O'Neill (Northern Ireland footballer) plays for Northern Ireland national under-21 football team
John O'Neill (Northern Ireland footballer) plays for Manchester City F.C.
John O'Neill (Northern Ireland footballer) plays for Millwall F.C.
John O'Neill (Northern Ireland footballer) plays for Derby County F.C.
John O'Neill (Northern Ireland footballer) plays for Peterborough United F.C.
John O'Neill (Northern Ireland footballer) plays for Ipswich Town F.C.
Dave Morley plays for Hyde F.C.
Dave Morley plays for Macclesfield Town F.C.
Dave Morley plays for Doncaster Rovers F.C.
Dave Morley plays for Bangor City F.C.
Dave Morley plays for Oxford United F.C.
Dave Morley plays for Manchester City F.C.
Dave Morley plays for Southend United F.C.
Dave Morley plays for Ayr United F.C.
Dave Morley plays for Bala Town F.C.
Dave Morley plays for Carlisle United F.C.
Tom Barrasso has gender male
Tom Barrasso has gender female
Tom Barrasso has gender United Kingdom
Tom Barrasso has gender Azerbaijan
Tom Barrasso has gender César Award
Tom Barrasso has gender Turkey
Tom Barrasso has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Tom Barrasso has gender English language
Tom Barrasso has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Tom Barrasso has gender All-India Muslim League
Angelo Ogbonna is affiliated to F.C. Crotone
Angelo Ogbonna is affiliated to Torino F.C.
Angelo Ogbonna is affiliated to Torino F.C. 1906
Angelo Ogbonna is affiliated to Juventus F.C.
Angelo Ogbonna is affiliated to Italy national under-21 football team
Angelo Ogbonna is affiliated to Italy national football team
Angelo Ogbonna is affiliated to A.C. Siena
Angelo Ogbonna is affiliated to Parma F.C.
Angelo Ogbonna is affiliated to fr/Équipe d'Italie olympique de football
Angelo Ogbonna is affiliated to Genoa C.F.C.
Abeid Amani Karume International Airport is connected to Arusha Airport
Abeid Amani Karume International Airport is connected to Pemba Airport (Tanzania)
Abeid Amani Karume International Airport is connected to Julius Nyerere International Airport
Abeid Amani Karume International Airport is connected to Tanga Airport
Abeid Amani Karume International Airport is connected to Mwanza Airport
Abeid Amani Karume International Airport is connected to Moi International Airport
Abeid Amani Karume International Airport is connected to Kilimanjaro International Airport
Abeid Amani Karume International Airport is connected to Jomo Kenyatta International Airport
Abeid Amani Karume International Airport is connected to Addis Ababa Bole International Airport
Abeid Amani Karume International Airport is connected to Lake Manyara Airport
Sambou Yatabaré has gender male
Sambou Yatabaré has gender female
Sambou Yatabaré has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Sambou Yatabaré has gender United Kingdom
Sambou Yatabaré has gender Germany
Sambou Yatabaré has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Sambou Yatabaré has gender Africa
Sambou Yatabaré has gender Tomsk
Sambou Yatabaré has gender Italy
Sambou Yatabaré has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Márcio Rodrigues Araújo is affiliated to Sport Club Corinthians Alagoano
Márcio Rodrigues Araújo is affiliated to Mogi Mirim Esporte Clube
Márcio Rodrigues Araújo is affiliated to Kashiwa Reysol
Márcio Rodrigues Araújo is affiliated to Guarani Futebol Clube
Márcio Rodrigues Araújo is affiliated to Clube de Regatas do Flamengo
Márcio Rodrigues Araújo is affiliated to Clube Atlético Mineiro
Márcio Rodrigues Araújo is affiliated to S.E. Palmeiras
Márcio Rodrigues Araújo is affiliated to Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras
Márcio Rodrigues Araújo is affiliated to C.R. Flamengo
Márcio Rodrigues Araújo is affiliated to Brazil national football team
Curtis Allen is affiliated to Linfield F.C.
Curtis Allen is affiliated to Coleraine F.C.
Curtis Allen is affiliated to Glentoran F.C.
Curtis Allen is affiliated to Northern Ireland national under-21 football team
Curtis Allen is affiliated to Leyton F.C.
Curtis Allen is affiliated to Northern Ireland national football team
Curtis Allen is affiliated to Northern Ireland national under-19 football team
Curtis Allen is affiliated to Inverness Caledonian Thistle F.C.
Curtis Allen is affiliated to A.F.C. Bournemouth
Curtis Allen is affiliated to Lisburn Distillery F.C.
Rocco Forte Hotels is located in London
Rocco Forte Hotels is located in United Kingdom
Rocco Forte Hotels is located in United States
Rocco Forte Hotels is located in England
Rocco Forte Hotels is located in Cambridge
Rocco Forte Hotels is located in France
Rocco Forte Hotels is located in New York City
Rocco Forte Hotels is located in Los Angeles
Rocco Forte Hotels is located in Hong Kong
Rocco Forte Hotels is located in Manchester
Daniel Alcántar is affiliated to C.F. La Piedad
Daniel Alcántar is affiliated to Irapuato FC
Daniel Alcántar is affiliated to Querétaro F.C.
Daniel Alcántar is affiliated to C.F. Atlante
Daniel Alcántar is affiliated to Club Necaxa
Daniel Alcántar is affiliated to Club León
Daniel Alcántar is affiliated to Estudiantes Tecos
Daniel Alcántar is affiliated to San Luis F.C.
Daniel Alcántar is affiliated to Tiburones Rojos de Veracruz
Daniel Alcántar is affiliated to Club América
Bruno Barbosa da Encarnação is affiliated to Goytacaz Futebol Clube
Bruno Barbosa da Encarnação is affiliated to Partizani Tirana
Bruno Barbosa da Encarnação is affiliated to Clube de Regatas do Flamengo
Bruno Barbosa da Encarnação is affiliated to Fortaleza Esporte Clube
Bruno Barbosa da Encarnação is affiliated to Atlético Clube Goianiense
Bruno Barbosa da Encarnação is affiliated to Ceará Sporting Club
Bruno Barbosa da Encarnação is affiliated to Boa Esporte Clube
Bruno Barbosa da Encarnação is affiliated to C.R. Flamengo
Bruno Barbosa da Encarnação is affiliated to Boavista Sport Club
Bruno Barbosa da Encarnação is affiliated to Clube Atlético Mineiro
Bistrița is located in Bistrița-Năsăud County
Bistrița is located in Romania
Bistrița is located in Transylvania
Bistrița is located in Europe
Bistrița is located in Cluj County
Bistrița is located in Lists of World Heritage Sites in Europe
Bistrița is located in United States
Bistrița is located in Italy
Bistrița is located in France
Bistrița is located in Portugal
Robinho is affiliated to Santos FC
Robinho is affiliated to Santos F.C.
Robinho is affiliated to Brazil national under-23 football team
Robinho is affiliated to A.C. Milan
Robinho is affiliated to Manchester City F.C.
Robinho is affiliated to Brazil national football team
Robinho is affiliated to Real Madrid C.F.
Robinho is affiliated to Brazil national under-20 football team
Robinho is affiliated to Inter Milan
Robinho is affiliated to São Paulo F.C.
Dalibor Stevanović was born in Ljubljana
Dalibor Stevanović was born in Kranj
Dalibor Stevanović was born in Maribor
Dalibor Stevanović was born in Belgrade
Dalibor Stevanović was born in Murska Sobota
Dalibor Stevanović was born in Šempeter pri Gorici
Dalibor Stevanović was born in Slovenj Gradec
Dalibor Stevanović was born in Koper
Dalibor Stevanović was born in Lagos
Dalibor Stevanović was born in Sarajevo
Leonardo Araújo is affiliated to Brazil national football team
Leonardo Araújo is affiliated to Clube de Regatas do Flamengo
Leonardo Araújo is affiliated to Valencia CF
Leonardo Araújo is affiliated to Valencia C.F.
Leonardo Araújo is affiliated to São Paulo FC
Leonardo Araújo is affiliated to A.C. Milan
Leonardo Araújo is affiliated to Paris Saint-Germain F.C.
Leonardo Araújo is affiliated to Director of football
Leonardo Araújo is affiliated to São Paulo F.C.
Leonardo Araújo is affiliated to Kashima Antlers
Jalna district is located in Maharashtra
Jalna district is located in United States
Jalna district is located in India
Jalna district is located in California
Jalna district is located in United Kingdom
Jalna district is located in Uttar Pradesh
Jalna district is located in China
Jalna district is located in Japan
Jalna district is located in France
Jalna district is located in Tamil Nadu
Tibor Jančula is affiliated to FK Inter Bratislava
Tibor Jančula is affiliated to Slovakia national football team
Tibor Jančula is affiliated to FK DAC 1904 Dunajská Streda
Tibor Jančula is affiliated to FC Red Bull Salzburg
Tibor Jančula is affiliated to FK Viktoria Žižkov
Tibor Jančula is affiliated to Ferencvárosi TC
Tibor Jančula is affiliated to F.C. Red Bull Salzburg
Tibor Jančula is affiliated to Fortuna Düsseldorf
Tibor Jančula is affiliated to K.S.K. Beveren
Tibor Jančula is affiliated to ŠK Slovan Bratislava
Jean Wendling plays for ASPV Strasbourg
Jean Wendling plays for Toulouse FC (1937)
Jean Wendling plays for RC Strasbourg
Jean Wendling plays for SC Schiltigheim
Jean Wendling plays for France national football team
Jean Wendling plays for R.C. Strasbourg
Jean Wendling plays for Stade de Reims
Jean Wendling plays for Red Star F.C.
Jean Wendling plays for Racing Club de France football Colombes 92
Jean Wendling plays for Olympique de Marseille
Juan Carlos Oblitas is affiliated to Club Universitario de Deportes
Juan Carlos Oblitas is affiliated to Peru national football team
Juan Carlos Oblitas is affiliated to Sporting Cristal
Juan Carlos Oblitas is affiliated to R.F.C. Seraing
Juan Carlos Oblitas is affiliated to Elche CF
Juan Carlos Oblitas is affiliated to Elche C.F.
Juan Carlos Oblitas is affiliated to Club Deportivo Universidad de San Martín de Porres
Juan Carlos Oblitas is affiliated to Tiburones Rojos de Veracruz
Juan Carlos Oblitas is affiliated to Sport Boys
Juan Carlos Oblitas is affiliated to Cienciano
Filipe Teixeira plays for FC Brașov
Filipe Teixeira plays for FC Felgueiras
Filipe Teixeira plays for Associação Académica de Coimbra – O.A.F.
Filipe Teixeira plays for Athletic Club de Boulogne-Billancourt
Filipe Teixeira plays for FC Istres
Filipe Teixeira plays for Paris Saint-Germain F.C.
Filipe Teixeira plays for U.D. Leiria
Filipe Teixeira plays for FC Petrolul Ploiești
Filipe Teixeira plays for FC Rapid București
Filipe Teixeira plays for Al-Shaab CSC
Lučani is located in Moravica District
Lučani is located in Stari Vlah
Lučani is located in Central Serbia
Lučani is located in Serbia
Lučani is located in Lučani
Lučani is located in Zlatibor District
Lučani is located in United States
Lučani is located in Gornji Milanovac
Lučani is located in Ivanjica
Lučani is located in Raška (region)
Michaël Ciani plays for France national football team
Michaël Ciani plays for AJ Auxerre
Michaël Ciani plays for FC Girondins de Bordeaux
Michaël Ciani plays for CS Sedan Ardennes
Michaël Ciani plays for FC Lorient
Michaël Ciani plays for France national under-21 football team
Michaël Ciani plays for R. Charleroi S.C.
Michaël Ciani plays for A.J. Auxerre
Michaël Ciani plays for F.C. Lorient
Michaël Ciani plays for Racing Club de France football Colombes 92
Stefan Blank is affiliated to FC Schalke 04
Stefan Blank is affiliated to SG Wattenscheid 09
Stefan Blank is affiliated to SV Werder Bremen
Stefan Blank is affiliated to Germany national under-21 football team
Stefan Blank is affiliated to 1. FC Kaiserslautern
Stefan Blank is affiliated to Hannover 96
Stefan Blank is affiliated to Alemannia Aachen
Stefan Blank is affiliated to Germany Olympic football team
Stefan Blank is affiliated to MSV Duisburg
Stefan Blank is affiliated to Werder Bremen
Sarah Wagenfuhr is affiliated to United States women's national under-20 soccer team
Sarah Wagenfuhr is affiliated to Chicago Red Stars
Sarah Wagenfuhr is affiliated to Western New York Flash
Sarah Wagenfuhr is affiliated to Saint Louis Athletica
Sarah Wagenfuhr is affiliated to United States women's national under-23 soccer team
Sarah Wagenfuhr is affiliated to United States women's national soccer team
Sarah Wagenfuhr is affiliated to Pali Blues
Sarah Wagenfuhr is affiliated to Sky Blue FC
Sarah Wagenfuhr is affiliated to de/Chicago Red Stars (WPS)
Sarah Wagenfuhr is affiliated to Philadelphia Independence
Saulo Rodrigues dos Santos plays for F.C. Maia
Saulo Rodrigues dos Santos plays for Associação Naval 1º de Maio
Saulo Rodrigues dos Santos plays for AEP Paphos F.C.
Saulo Rodrigues dos Santos plays for Rio Ave F.C.
Saulo Rodrigues dos Santos plays for C.F. Os Belenenses
Saulo Rodrigues dos Santos plays for Celta de Vigo
Saulo Rodrigues dos Santos plays for Associação Académica de Coimbra – O.A.F.
Saulo Rodrigues dos Santos plays for R.C. Celta de Vigo
Saulo Rodrigues dos Santos plays for S.C. Braga
Saulo Rodrigues dos Santos plays for F.C. Porto
Glenn Loovens is affiliated to Feyenoord
Glenn Loovens is affiliated to Netherlands national football team
Glenn Loovens is affiliated to Netherlands national under-21 football team
Glenn Loovens is affiliated to S.B.V. Excelsior
Glenn Loovens is affiliated to Celtic F.C.
Glenn Loovens is affiliated to De Graafschap
Glenn Loovens is affiliated to Real Zaragoza
Glenn Loovens is affiliated to Cardiff City F.C.
Glenn Loovens is affiliated to Sheffield Wednesday F.C.
Glenn Loovens is affiliated to SBV Excelsior
Khalil Azmi plays for Hershey Wildcats
Khalil Azmi plays for New York Centaurs
Khalil Azmi plays for Morocco national football team
Khalil Azmi plays for Raja Casablanca
Khalil Azmi plays for Baltimore Blast
Khalil Azmi plays for Charleston Battery
Khalil Azmi plays for Colorado Rapids
Khalil Azmi plays for Wydad Casablanca
Khalil Azmi plays for New England Revolution
Khalil Azmi plays for Rochester Rhinos
Austin Berry (footballer) plays for Antigua GFC
Austin Berry (footballer) plays for C.S. Herediano
Austin Berry (footballer) plays for Costa Rica national football team
Austin Berry (footballer) plays for L.D. Alajuelense
Austin Berry (footballer) plays for SC Freiburg
Austin Berry (footballer) plays for Deportivo Saprissa
Austin Berry (footballer) plays for Asociación Deportiva Carmelita
Austin Berry (footballer) plays for C.S. Cartaginés
Austin Berry (footballer) plays for Brujas F.C.
Austin Berry (footballer) plays for Puntarenas F.C.
Sergei Petrov plays for FC Krasnodar
Sergei Petrov plays for Russia national under-21 football team
Sergei Petrov plays for FC Krylia Sovetov Samara
Sergei Petrov plays for FC Zenit Saint Petersburg
Sergei Petrov plays for Russia national football B team
Sergei Petrov plays for F.C. Zenit St. Petersburg
Sergei Petrov plays for Russia national football team
Sergei Petrov plays for FC Khimki
Sergei Petrov plays for FC Spartak Moscow
Sergei Petrov plays for PFC CSKA Moscow
Ali Güzeldal is affiliated to Bakırköyspor
Ali Güzeldal is affiliated to İstanbul Büyükşehir Belediyespor (football)
Ali Güzeldal is affiliated to Trabzonspor
Ali Güzeldal is affiliated to Boluspor
Ali Güzeldal is affiliated to İstanbul Başakşehir F.K.
Ali Güzeldal is affiliated to Akçaabat Sebatspor
Ali Güzeldal is affiliated to Turkey national under-21 football team
Ali Güzeldal is affiliated to Turkey national under-17 football team
Ali Güzeldal is affiliated to Ankaraspor A.Ş.
Ali Güzeldal is affiliated to Turkey national football team
Andrew Henderson (rugby union) is affiliated to US Montauban
Andrew Henderson (rugby union) is affiliated to Glasgow Warriors
Andrew Henderson (rugby union) is affiliated to Newcastle Falcons
Andrew Henderson (rugby union) is affiliated to London Wasps
Andrew Henderson (rugby union) is affiliated to Leicester Tigers
Andrew Henderson (rugby union) is affiliated to Leeds Carnegie
Andrew Henderson (rugby union) is affiliated to Bath Rugby
Andrew Henderson (rugby union) is affiliated to Worcester Warriors
Andrew Henderson (rugby union) is affiliated to Cornish Pirates
Andrew Henderson (rugby union) is affiliated to SU Agen Lot-et-Garonne
Danijel Cesarec has gender male
Danijel Cesarec has gender female
Danijel Cesarec has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Danijel Cesarec has gender London Heathrow Terminal 3
Danijel Cesarec has gender United Kingdom
Danijel Cesarec has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Danijel Cesarec has gender London
Danijel Cesarec has gender Hong Kong
Danijel Cesarec has gender Turkey
Danijel Cesarec has gender Azerbaijan
Tomáš Galásek has gender male
Tomáš Galásek has gender female
Tomáš Galásek has gender United Kingdom
Tomáš Galásek has gender France
Tomáš Galásek has gender Azerbaijan
Tomáš Galásek has gender London
Tomáš Galásek has gender United States
Tomáš Galásek has gender Tomsk
Tomáš Galásek has gender Turkey
Tomáš Galásek has gender Italy
Nazr Mohammed is affiliated to Charlotte Hornets (NBA)
Nazr Mohammed is affiliated to Charlotte Hornets
Nazr Mohammed is affiliated to Oklahoma City Thunder
Nazr Mohammed is affiliated to Atlanta Hawks
Nazr Mohammed is affiliated to Philadelphia 76ers
Nazr Mohammed is affiliated to San Antonio Spurs
Nazr Mohammed is affiliated to Detroit Pistons
Nazr Mohammed is affiliated to Utah Jazz
Nazr Mohammed is affiliated to New York Knicks
Nazr Mohammed is affiliated to Chicago Bulls
Takafumi Ogura plays for Ventforet Kofu
Takafumi Ogura plays for JEF United Ichihara Chiba
Takafumi Ogura plays for Nagoya Grampus
Takafumi Ogura plays for Tokyo Verdy
Takafumi Ogura plays for S.B.V. Excelsior
Takafumi Ogura plays for Consadole Sapporo
Takafumi Ogura plays for Japan national football team
Takafumi Ogura plays for SBV Excelsior
Takafumi Ogura plays for Feyenoord
Takafumi Ogura plays for Omiya Ardija
Sackie Doe is affiliated to PS Barito Putera
Sackie Doe is affiliated to Invincible Eleven
Sackie Doe is affiliated to Deltras F.C.
Sackie Doe is affiliated to Liberia Petroleum Refining Company Oilers
Sackie Doe is affiliated to Liberia national football team
Sackie Doe is affiliated to Mighty Barrolle
Sackie Doe is affiliated to Liberia Ship Corporate Registry Football Club
Sackie Doe is affiliated to Persiram Raja Ampat
Sackie Doe is affiliated to Persita Tangerang
Sackie Doe is affiliated to Persibo Bojonegoro
Jonathan Fortune is affiliated to Chatham Town F.C.
Jonathan Fortune is affiliated to Dagenham & Redbridge F.C.
Jonathan Fortune is affiliated to Barnet F.C.
Jonathan Fortune is affiliated to Mansfield Town F.C.
Jonathan Fortune is affiliated to Sheffield United F.C.
Jonathan Fortune is affiliated to Stoke City F.C.
Jonathan Fortune is affiliated to Exeter City F.C.
Jonathan Fortune is affiliated to Charlton Athletic F.C.
Jonathan Fortune is affiliated to Gillingham F.C.
Jonathan Fortune is affiliated to Southend United F.C.
Walt Disney died in Los Angeles
Walt Disney died in New York City
"Walt Disney died in Santa Monica, California"
"Walt Disney died in Beverly Hills, California"
Walt Disney died in Chicago
"Walt Disney died in Burbank, California"
"Walt Disney died in Rancho Mirage, California"
Walt Disney died in London
"Walt Disney died in Palm Springs, California"
"Walt Disney died in Malibu, California"
Hugo Broos is affiliated to Club Brugge KV
Hugo Broos is affiliated to Club Brugge K.V.
Hugo Broos is affiliated to Belgium national football team
Hugo Broos is affiliated to R.S.C. Anderlecht
Hugo Broos is affiliated to R. White Daring Molenbeek
Hugo Broos is affiliated to K.R.C. Genk
Hugo Broos is affiliated to R.E. Mouscron
Hugo Broos is affiliated to S.V. Zulte Waregem
Hugo Broos is affiliated to Al Jazira Club
Hugo Broos is affiliated to Trabzonspor
Cédric Barbosa is affiliated to Troyes AC
Cédric Barbosa is affiliated to Montpellier H.S.C.
Cédric Barbosa is affiliated to Evian Thonon Gaillard F.C.
Cédric Barbosa is affiliated to Montpellier HSC
Cédric Barbosa is affiliated to Olympique Alès
Cédric Barbosa is affiliated to E.S. Troyes A.C.
Cédric Barbosa is affiliated to F.C. Metz
Cédric Barbosa is affiliated to Stade Rennais F.C.
Cédric Barbosa is affiliated to FC Metz
Cédric Barbosa is affiliated to France national football team
Alexandre Czerniatynski plays for RFC Liège
Alexandre Czerniatynski plays for Belgium national football team
Alexandre Czerniatynski plays for KV Mechelen
Alexandre Czerniatynski plays for Royal Antwerp F.C.
Alexandre Czerniatynski plays for Standard Liège
Alexandre Czerniatynski plays for Beerschot AC
Alexandre Czerniatynski plays for R.S.C. Anderlecht
Alexandre Czerniatynski plays for R.O.C. de Charleroi-Marchienne
Alexandre Czerniatynski plays for R. Charleroi S.C.
Alexandre Czerniatynski plays for K.S.K. Beveren
Zirndorf is located in Middle Franconia
Zirndorf is located in Bavaria
Zirndorf is located in Fürth (district)
Zirndorf is located in Zirndorf
Zirndorf is located in Ansbach (district)
Zirndorf is located in Germany
Zirndorf is located in North Rhine-Westphalia
Zirndorf is located in United States
Zirndorf is located in Europe
Zirndorf is located in Upper Bavaria
Nassim Ben Khalifa is affiliated to FC Stade Nyonnais
Nassim Ben Khalifa is affiliated to Grasshopper Club Zürich
Nassim Ben Khalifa is affiliated to BSC Young Boys
Nassim Ben Khalifa is affiliated to Switzerland national football team
Nassim Ben Khalifa is affiliated to 1. FC Nuremberg
Nassim Ben Khalifa is affiliated to Switzerland national under-21 football team
Nassim Ben Khalifa is affiliated to Switzerland national under-17 football team
Nassim Ben Khalifa is affiliated to VfL Wolfsburg
Nassim Ben Khalifa is affiliated to FC Lausanne-Sport
Nassim Ben Khalifa is affiliated to 1. FC Nürnberg
Mehrdad Pooladi has gender male
Mehrdad Pooladi has gender female
Mehrdad Pooladi has gender France
Mehrdad Pooladi has gender Bulgaria
Mehrdad Pooladi has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Mehrdad Pooladi has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Mehrdad Pooladi has gender United Kingdom
Mehrdad Pooladi has gender Azerbaijan
Mehrdad Pooladi has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Mehrdad Pooladi has gender Russia
Sergio Fernández Álvarez plays for CP Almería
Sergio Fernández Álvarez plays for CD Aurrerá de Vitoria
Sergio Fernández Álvarez plays for CD Logroñés
Sergio Fernández Álvarez plays for CD Numancia
Sergio Fernández Álvarez plays for Real Murcia
Sergio Fernández Álvarez plays for FC Cartagena
Sergio Fernández Álvarez plays for Hércules CF
Sergio Fernández Álvarez plays for Cultural y Deportiva Leonesa
Sergio Fernández Álvarez plays for Real Betis
Sergio Fernández Álvarez plays for Real Murcia C.F.
Hassan Ahamada plays for USJA Carquefou
Hassan Ahamada plays for FC Nantes
Hassan Ahamada plays for Hatta Club
Hassan Ahamada plays for LB Châteauroux
Hassan Ahamada plays for Vannes OC
Hassan Ahamada plays for S.C. Beira-Mar
Hassan Ahamada plays for SC Bastia
Hassan Ahamada plays for L.B. Châteauroux
Hassan Ahamada plays for C.F. Os Belenenses
Hassan Ahamada plays for F.C. Nantes
Dragan Stančić plays for Nanjing Yoyo F.C.
Dragan Stančić plays for FK Radnički Obrenovac
Dragan Stančić plays for FK Hajduk Kula
Dragan Stančić plays for Qingdao Jonoon F.C.
Dragan Stančić plays for Guizhou Zhicheng F.C.
Dragan Stančić plays for OFK Beograd
Dragan Stančić plays for Red Star Belgrade
Dragan Stančić plays for Serbia national under-21 football team
Dragan Stančić plays for Serbia national under-19 football team
Dragan Stančić plays for F.K. Red Star Belgrade
Graeme Smith (footballer born 1983) has gender male
Graeme Smith (footballer born 1983) has gender female
Graeme Smith (footballer born 1983) has gender César Award
Graeme Smith (footballer born 1983) has gender United Kingdom
Graeme Smith (footballer born 1983) has gender Turkey
Graeme Smith (footballer born 1983) has gender Brazil
Graeme Smith (footballer born 1983) has gender France
Graeme Smith (footballer born 1983) has gender South Korea
Graeme Smith (footballer born 1983) has gender United States
Graeme Smith (footballer born 1983) has gender Italy
Christian Möckel is affiliated to SpVgg Bayern Hof
Christian Möckel is affiliated to de/FC Bayern Hof
Christian Möckel is affiliated to VfB Fortuna Chemnitz
Christian Möckel is affiliated to VfB Lübeck
Christian Möckel is affiliated to SpVgg Greuther Fürth
Christian Möckel is affiliated to TSG 1899 Hoffenheim
Christian Möckel is affiliated to Chemnitzer FC
Christian Möckel is affiliated to 1. FC Nuremberg
Christian Möckel is affiliated to 1. FC Nürnberg
Christian Möckel is affiliated to Hamburger SV
Abe Thompson plays for Chesapeake Dragons
Abe Thompson plays for Maryland Terrapins
Abe Thompson plays for Colorado Rapids U-23
Abe Thompson plays for FC Dallas
Abe Thompson plays for Houston Dynamo
Abe Thompson plays for Real Salt Lake
Abe Thompson plays for Sporting Kansas City
Abe Thompson plays for Fort Lauderdale Strikers
Abe Thompson plays for F.C. Dallas
Abe Thompson plays for United States men's national under-17 soccer team
Boro Primorac is affiliated to FK Velež Mostar
Boro Primorac is affiliated to Yugoslavia national football team
Boro Primorac is affiliated to Lille OSC
Boro Primorac is affiliated to AS Cannes
Boro Primorac is affiliated to A.S. Cannes Football
Boro Primorac is affiliated to Lille O.S.C.
Boro Primorac is affiliated to HNK Hajduk Split
Boro Primorac is affiliated to Valenciennes F.C.
Boro Primorac is affiliated to Arsenal F.C.
Boro Primorac is affiliated to H.N.K. Hajduk Split
Virginia Beach is located in Kreisfreie stadt
Virginia Beach is located in Virginia
Virginia Beach is located in Virginia Beach
Virginia Beach is located in United States
Virginia Beach is located in Europe
Virginia Beach is located in California
Virginia Beach is located in France
Virginia Beach is located in North America
Virginia Beach is located in Confederate States of America
Virginia Beach is located in Richmond
Ernst Baumeister plays for Kremser SC
Ernst Baumeister plays for FC Admira Wacker Mödling
Ernst Baumeister plays for FK Austria Wien
Ernst Baumeister plays for Austria national football team
Ernst Baumeister plays for LASK Linz
Ernst Baumeister plays for SK Admira Wien
Ernst Baumeister plays for L.A.S.K. Linz
Ernst Baumeister plays for ASKÖ Pasching
Ernst Baumeister plays for SK Rapid Wien
Ernst Baumeister plays for First Vienna FC
Vitali Kutuzov plays for Belarus national under-21 football team
Vitali Kutuzov plays for FC BATE Borisov
Vitali Kutuzov plays for Belarus national football team
Vitali Kutuzov plays for A.S. Bari
Vitali Kutuzov plays for A.S. Avellino 1912
Vitali Kutuzov plays for Parma F.C.
Vitali Kutuzov plays for A.C. Pisa 1909
Vitali Kutuzov plays for U.C. Sampdoria
Vitali Kutuzov plays for Sporting Clube de Portugal
Vitali Kutuzov plays for A.C. Milan
Jiří Rosický (footballer born 1977) plays for Bohemians 1905
Jiří Rosický (footballer born 1977) plays for FK Baumit Jablonec
Jiří Rosický (footballer born 1977) plays for AC Sparta Prague
Jiří Rosický (footballer born 1977) plays for Czech Republic national under-21 football team
Jiří Rosický (footballer born 1977) plays for Atlético Madrid B
Jiří Rosický (footballer born 1977) plays for SC Bregenz
Jiří Rosický (footballer born 1977) plays for SK Slavia Prague
Jiří Rosický (footballer born 1977) plays for Czech Republic national football team
Jiří Rosický (footballer born 1977) plays for de/FC Bohemians Prag
Jiří Rosický (footballer born 1977) plays for FC Slovan Liberec
Anto Grabo plays for Hong Kong Football Club
Anto Grabo plays for Hong Kong national football team
Anto Grabo plays for Sing Tao SC
Anto Grabo plays for South China AA
Anto Grabo plays for Sun Hei SC
Anto Grabo plays for Kuala Lumpur FA
Anto Grabo plays for Double Flower FA
Anto Grabo plays for FK Velež Mostar
Anto Grabo plays for FK Željezničar Sarajevo
Anto Grabo plays for K.F.C. Lommel S.K.
Stipe Matić plays for NK Posušje
Stipe Matić plays for HNK Hajduk Split
Stipe Matić plays for FC Wil 1900
Stipe Matić plays for FC Naters
Stipe Matić plays for FC Thun
Stipe Matić plays for FC Zürich
Stipe Matić plays for Vasas SC
Stipe Matić plays for Hapoel Be'er Sheva F.C.
Stipe Matić plays for Górnik Zabrze
Stipe Matić plays for H.N.K. Hajduk Split
Martin Bergvold is affiliated to BK Avarta
Martin Bergvold is affiliated to Denmark national football team
Martin Bergvold is affiliated to F.C. Copenhagen
Martin Bergvold is affiliated to Kjøbenhavns Boldklub
Martin Bergvold is affiliated to Lyngby Boldklub
Martin Bergvold is affiliated to Esbjerg fB
Martin Bergvold is affiliated to A.S. Livorno Calcio
Martin Bergvold is affiliated to Denmark national under-21 football team
Martin Bergvold is affiliated to Boldklubben af 1893
Martin Bergvold is affiliated to Denmark national under-19 football team
Lloyd Banks created Chrono Trigger
Lloyd Banks created Be Faithful
Lloyd Banks created Star Trek (film franchise)
Lloyd Banks created Touch It
Lloyd Banks created Hanjuku Hero
Lloyd Banks created The Story of Alexander Graham Bell
Lloyd Banks created I Know Him So Well
Lloyd Banks created Metroid
Lloyd Banks created Doctor Who
Lloyd Banks created Ralph Wiggum (song)
Haris Vučkić is affiliated to Slovenia national under-21 football team
Haris Vučkić is affiliated to Slovenia national under-19 football team
Haris Vučkić is affiliated to Slovenia national under-17 football team
Haris Vučkić is affiliated to NK Domžale
Haris Vučkić is affiliated to Slovenia national football team
Haris Vučkić is affiliated to Rotherham United F.C.
Haris Vučkić is affiliated to Newcastle United F.C.
Haris Vučkić is affiliated to Cardiff City F.C.
Haris Vučkić is affiliated to NK Olimpija Ljubljana (2005)
Haris Vučkić is affiliated to NK Maribor
Chester Gould created Dick Tracy Returns
Chester Gould created Dick Tracy's G-Men
Chester Gould created Dick Tracy (serial)
Chester Gould created S.O.S. Coast Guard
Chester Gould created Robinson Crusoe of Clipper Island
"Chester Gould created Dick Tracy vs. Crime, Inc."
Chester Gould created The Painted Stallion
Chester Gould created Zorro Rides Again
Chester Gould created Drums of Fu Manchu
Chester Gould created The Lone Ranger (serial)
Stirling Silliphant has won prize Edgar Award
Stirling Silliphant has won prize Writers Guild of America Award
Stirling Silliphant has won prize Emmy Award
Stirling Silliphant has won prize Golden Globe Award
Stirling Silliphant has won prize Primetime Emmy Award
Stirling Silliphant has won prize Grammy Award
Stirling Silliphant has won prize Academy Awards
Stirling Silliphant has won prize Tony Award
Stirling Silliphant has won prize David di Donatello
Stirling Silliphant has won prize Daytime Emmy Award
Massimo Mutarelli is affiliated to Italy national under-19 football team
Massimo Mutarelli is affiliated to Italy national under-17 football team
Massimo Mutarelli is affiliated to Italy national under-21 football team
Massimo Mutarelli is affiliated to Genoa C.F.C.
Massimo Mutarelli is affiliated to S.S. Lazio
Massimo Mutarelli is affiliated to Bologna F.C. 1909
Massimo Mutarelli is affiliated to Atalanta B.C.
Massimo Mutarelli is affiliated to U.S. Città di Palermo
Massimo Mutarelli is affiliated to Italy national football team
Massimo Mutarelli is affiliated to Italy national under-20 football team
Ali Riley is affiliated to New Zealand women's national under-20 football team
Ali Riley is affiliated to New Zealand women's national football team
Ali Riley is affiliated to FC Gold Pride
Ali Riley is affiliated to Stanford Cardinal
Ali Riley is affiliated to Pali Blues
Ali Riley is affiliated to FC Rosengård
Ali Riley is affiliated to Western New York Flash
Ali Riley is affiliated to LdB FC Malmö
Ali Riley is affiliated to Sky Blue FC
Ali Riley is affiliated to United States women's national soccer team
Pablo Sánchez plays for Rosario Central
Pablo Sánchez plays for Quilmes Atlético Club
Pablo Sánchez plays for Club de Gimnasia y Esgrima La Plata
Pablo Sánchez plays for K.R.C. Zuid-West-Vlaanderen
Pablo Sánchez plays for Feyenoord
Pablo Sánchez plays for C.D. Universidad de Concepción
Pablo Sánchez plays for Oriente Petrolero
Pablo Sánchez plays for Deportivo Alavés
Pablo Sánchez plays for C.A. Rosario Central
Pablo Sánchez plays for Club Atlético Independiente
Graham Yost created The Pacific (TV miniseries)
Graham Yost created The Last Castle
Graham Yost created Hard Rain (film)
Graham Yost created Speed (1994 film)
Graham Yost created Graham Yost
Graham Yost created Just like Heaven (film)
Graham Yost created The Cabin in the Woods
Graham Yost created Windtalkers
Graham Yost created Into the West (miniseries)
Graham Yost created Broken Arrow (1996 film)
Dennis Grote is affiliated to VfL Bochum II
Dennis Grote is affiliated to VfL Bochum
Dennis Grote is affiliated to Rot-Weiß Oberhausen
Dennis Grote is affiliated to Germany national under-21 football team
Dennis Grote is affiliated to Germany national youth football team
Dennis Grote is affiliated to de/Deutsche Fußballnationalmannschaft (U-19-Junioren)
Dennis Grote is affiliated to 1. FC Kaiserslautern
Dennis Grote is affiliated to SC Preußen Münster
Dennis Grote is affiliated to de/Deutsche Fußballnationalmannschaft (U-20-Männer)
Dennis Grote is affiliated to de/Deutsche Fußballnationalmannschaft (U-17-Junioren)
Henning Jensen is affiliated to AFC Ajax
Henning Jensen is affiliated to Borussia Mönchengladbach
Henning Jensen is affiliated to Real Madrid C.F.
Henning Jensen is affiliated to A.F.C. Ajax
Henning Jensen is affiliated to Denmark national football team
Henning Jensen is affiliated to Aarhus Gymnastikforening
Henning Jensen is affiliated to Denmark national under-21 football team
Henning Jensen is affiliated to Brøndby IF
Henning Jensen is affiliated to Real Madrid Castilla
Henning Jensen is affiliated to Denmark national under-19 football team
"Hermosa Beach, California is located in Los Angeles County, California"
"Hermosa Beach, California is located in United States"
"Hermosa Beach, California is located in California"
"Hermosa Beach, California is located in Los Angeles County"
"Hermosa Beach, California is located in United Kingdom"
"Hermosa Beach, California is located in France"
"Hermosa Beach, California is located in Florida"
"Hermosa Beach, California is located in Canada"
"Hermosa Beach, California is located in Germany"
"Hermosa Beach, California is located in Massachusetts"
Erkan Özbey plays for Bursaspor
Erkan Özbey plays for Kardemir D. Ç. Karabükspor
Erkan Özbey plays for Kızılcahamamspor
Erkan Özbey plays for Turkey national football B team
Erkan Özbey plays for Gençlerbirliği S.K.
Erkan Özbey plays for Turkey national football team
Erkan Özbey plays for Turkey national under-21 football team
Erkan Özbey plays for Beşiktaş J.K.
Erkan Özbey plays for Trabzonspor
Erkan Özbey plays for MKE Ankaragücü
Dmitriy Lyapkin is affiliated to FC Tekstilshchik Kamyshin
Dmitriy Lyapkin is affiliated to FC Lokomotiv-2 Moscow
Dmitriy Lyapkin is affiliated to FC Astana
Dmitriy Lyapkin is affiliated to Kazakhstan national football team
Dmitriy Lyapkin is affiliated to FC Sokol Saratov
Dmitriy Lyapkin is affiliated to FC Elista
Dmitriy Lyapkin is affiliated to FC Khimki
Dmitriy Lyapkin is affiliated to FC Saturn Ramenskoye
Dmitriy Lyapkin is affiliated to FC Baltika Kaliningrad
Dmitriy Lyapkin is affiliated to PFC CSKA Moscow
Todsaporn Sri-reung is affiliated to Army United F.C.
Todsaporn Sri-reung is affiliated to Samut Songkhram F.C.
Todsaporn Sri-reung is affiliated to Thailand national under-23 football team
Todsaporn Sri-reung is affiliated to BEC Tero Sasana F.C.
Todsaporn Sri-reung is affiliated to Singhtarua F.C.
Todsaporn Sri-reung is affiliated to Thailand national football team
Todsaporn Sri-reung is affiliated to Thailand national under-20 football team
Todsaporn Sri-reung is affiliated to Bangkok Glass F.C.
Todsaporn Sri-reung is affiliated to Muangthong United F.C.
Todsaporn Sri-reung is affiliated to Buriram United F.C.
Robert Buigues is affiliated to Grenoble Foot 38
Robert Buigues is affiliated to F.C. Girondins de Bordeaux
Robert Buigues is affiliated to S.C. Bastia
Robert Buigues is affiliated to RC Épernay Champagne
Robert Buigues is affiliated to US Orléans
Robert Buigues is affiliated to SC Bastia
Robert Buigues is affiliated to FC Girondins de Bordeaux
Robert Buigues is affiliated to Olympique de Marseille
Robert Buigues is affiliated to A.S. Cannes Football
Robert Buigues is affiliated to A.C. Ajaccio
Nagasaki (prefecture) is located in United States
Nagasaki (prefecture) is located in Japan
Nagasaki (prefecture) is located in Nagasaki
Nagasaki (prefecture) is located in India
Nagasaki (prefecture) is located in Europe
Nagasaki (prefecture) is located in United Kingdom
Nagasaki (prefecture) is located in Nagasaki (prefecture)
Nagasaki (prefecture) is located in Kyushu
Nagasaki (prefecture) is located in Italy
Nagasaki (prefecture) is located in China
Carmine Coppola created The Godfather (film series)
Carmine Coppola created New York Stories
Carmine Coppola created The Godfather Saga
Carmine Coppola created Apocalypse Now
Carmine Coppola created The Godfather
Carmine Coppola created The Godfather Part III
Carmine Coppola created Apocalypse Now Redux
Carmine Coppola created The Godfather Part II
Carmine Coppola created Gardens of Stone
Carmine Coppola created Carmine Coppola
Emanuele Terranova plays for Frosinone Calcio
Emanuele Terranova plays for A.S. Livorno Calcio
Emanuele Terranova plays for U.S. Lecce
Emanuele Terranova plays for Vicenza Calcio
Emanuele Terranova plays for U.S. Città di Palermo
Emanuele Terranova plays for U.S. Sassuolo Calcio
Emanuele Terranova plays for Parma F.C.
Emanuele Terranova plays for Genoa C.F.C.
Emanuele Terranova plays for A.C. Siena
Emanuele Terranova plays for A.C. Chievo Verona
Mauro Marani is affiliated to S.S. Pennarossa
Mauro Marani is affiliated to A.C. Juvenes/Dogana
Mauro Marani is affiliated to San Marino national football team
Mauro Marani is affiliated to S.S. Murata
Mauro Marani is affiliated to S.P. La Fiorita
Mauro Marani is affiliated to S.P. Tre Fiori
Mauro Marani is affiliated to S.P. Tre Penne
Mauro Marani is affiliated to A.C. Libertas
Mauro Marani is affiliated to San Marino Calcio
Mauro Marani is affiliated to S.S. Real Montecchio
Dmytro Nepohodov plays for Ukraine national under-17 football team
Dmytro Nepohodov plays for FC Dynamo Kyiv
Dmytro Nepohodov plays for FC Obolon Kyiv
Dmytro Nepohodov plays for Ukraine national under-19 football team
Dmytro Nepohodov plays for FC Metalurh Donetsk
Dmytro Nepohodov plays for FC Vorskla Poltava
Dmytro Nepohodov plays for F.C. Dynamo Kyiv
Dmytro Nepohodov plays for FC Banants
Dmytro Nepohodov plays for Olympique de Marseille
Dmytro Nepohodov plays for Ukraine national under-18 football team
Daði Lárusson is affiliated to Haukar
Daði Lárusson is affiliated to Fimleikafélag Hafnarfjarðar
Daði Lárusson is affiliated to Iceland national under-19 football team
Daði Lárusson is affiliated to Jacksonville Cyclones
Daði Lárusson is affiliated to Iceland national football team
Daði Lárusson is affiliated to Iceland national under-21 football team
Daði Lárusson is affiliated to Iceland national under-17 football team
Daði Lárusson is affiliated to Fylkir
Daði Lárusson is affiliated to Valur Football Club
Daði Lárusson is affiliated to Knattspyrnufélagið Fram
Nirut Surasiang is affiliated to Hoàng Anh Gia Lai F.C.
Nirut Surasiang is affiliated to Binh Dinh F.C.
Nirut Surasiang is affiliated to Navibank Saigon F.C.
Nirut Surasiang is affiliated to BEC Tero Sasana F.C.
Nirut Surasiang is affiliated to Bangkok Glass F.C.
Nirut Surasiang is affiliated to Suphanburi F.C.
Nirut Surasiang is affiliated to Hoang Anh Gia Lai F.C.
Nirut Surasiang is affiliated to Army United F.C.
Nirut Surasiang is affiliated to Thailand national football team
Nirut Surasiang is affiliated to Muangthong United F.C.
Georges Lemaître has gender male
Georges Lemaître has gender female
Georges Lemaître has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Georges Lemaître has gender Turkey
Georges Lemaître has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Georges Lemaître has gender United Kingdom
Georges Lemaître has gender César Award
Georges Lemaître has gender Bulgaria
Georges Lemaître has gender London Heathrow Terminal 3
Georges Lemaître has gender Golden Globe Award
Stanislaw Drahun plays for FC SKVICH Minsk
Stanislaw Drahun plays for Belarus national under-19 football team
Stanislaw Drahun plays for Belarus national under-21 football team
Stanislaw Drahun plays for Belarus national under-17 football team
Stanislaw Drahun plays for FC Gomel
Stanislaw Drahun plays for FC Krylia Sovetov Samara
Stanislaw Drahun plays for FC Dinamo Minsk
Stanislaw Drahun plays for Belarus national football team
Stanislaw Drahun plays for FC BATE Borisov
Stanislaw Drahun plays for FC Torpedo-BelAZ Zhodino
Jimmy Ashcroft plays for Gravesend United F.C.
Jimmy Ashcroft plays for Everton F.C.
Jimmy Ashcroft plays for Tranmere Rovers F.C.
Jimmy Ashcroft plays for Blackburn Rovers F.C.
Jimmy Ashcroft plays for Arsenal F.C.
Jimmy Ashcroft plays for England national football team
Jimmy Ashcroft plays for Liverpool F.C.
Jimmy Ashcroft plays for Manchester City F.C.
Jimmy Ashcroft plays for England national under-21 football team
Jimmy Ashcroft plays for Blackpool F.C.
Bill Barraclough plays for Bridlington Town A.F.C.
Bill Barraclough plays for Colchester United F.C.
Bill Barraclough plays for Hull City A.F.C.
Bill Barraclough plays for Doncaster Rovers F.C.
Bill Barraclough plays for Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C.
Bill Barraclough plays for Chelsea F.C.
Bill Barraclough plays for Peterborough United F.C.
Bill Barraclough plays for Ipswich Town F.C.
Bill Barraclough plays for Bradford City A.F.C.
Bill Barraclough plays for Cambridge United F.C.
Daniel Xuereb is affiliated to Sporting Toulon Var
Daniel Xuereb is affiliated to fr/Équipe de France olympique de football
Daniel Xuereb is affiliated to Montpellier HSC
Daniel Xuereb is affiliated to France B national football team
Daniel Xuereb is affiliated to R.C. Lens
Daniel Xuereb is affiliated to Montpellier H.S.C.
Daniel Xuereb is affiliated to Olympique Lyonnais
Daniel Xuereb is affiliated to Olympique de Marseille
Daniel Xuereb is affiliated to RC Lens
Daniel Xuereb is affiliated to France national football team
Kristian Kojola plays for AC Allianssi
Kristian Kojola plays for Tampere United
Kristian Kojola plays for FF Jaro
Kristian Kojola plays for FC Hämeenlinna
Kristian Kojola plays for FC Espoo
Kristian Kojola plays for Hallescher FC
Kristian Kojola plays for IFK Mariehamn
Kristian Kojola plays for Finland national under-17 football team
Kristian Kojola plays for Finland national under-21 football team
Kristian Kojola plays for Finland national football team
James Chadwick has won prize Hughes Medal
James Chadwick has won prize Faraday Medal
James Chadwick has won prize Franklin Medal
James Chadwick has won prize Copley Medal
James Chadwick has won prize Royal Medal
James Chadwick has won prize Nobel Prize in Physics
James Chadwick has won prize Albert Medal (Royal Society of Arts)
James Chadwick has won prize Nobel Prize in Chemistry
James Chadwick has won prize Davy Medal
James Chadwick has won prize De Morgan Medal
Damion Stewart plays for Jamaica national football team
Damion Stewart plays for Harbour View F.C.
Damion Stewart plays for Pahang FA
Damion Stewart plays for Queens Park Rangers F.C.
Damion Stewart plays for Notts County F.C.
Damion Stewart plays for Bristol City F.C.
Damion Stewart plays for Bradford City A.F.C.
Damion Stewart plays for Portmore United F.C.
Damion Stewart plays for Crystal Palace F.C.
Damion Stewart plays for Sheffield United F.C.
Azerbaijan deals with Azerbaijan
Azerbaijan deals with Turkey
Azerbaijan deals with Russia
Azerbaijan deals with China
Azerbaijan deals with Armenia
Azerbaijan deals with Germany
Azerbaijan deals with United States
Azerbaijan deals with Baku
Azerbaijan deals with Ukraine
Azerbaijan deals with France
Walter Heitler graduated from University of Göttingen
Walter Heitler graduated from University of Zurich
Walter Heitler graduated from ETH Zurich
Walter Heitler graduated from Humboldt University of Berlin
Walter Heitler graduated from University of Bristol
Walter Heitler graduated from Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich
Walter Heitler graduated from Leipzig University
Walter Heitler graduated from Karlsruhe Institute of Technology
Walter Heitler graduated from University of Vienna
Walter Heitler graduated from Heidelberg University
Konstantin Päts is politician of Estonia
Konstantin Päts is politician of France
Konstantin Päts is politician of Latvia
Konstantin Päts is politician of Germany
Konstantin Päts is politician of Belgium
Konstantin Päts is politician of United States
Konstantin Päts is politician of Italy
Konstantin Päts is politician of Poland
Konstantin Päts is politician of United Kingdom
Konstantin Päts is politician of Russia
Júlio César Rodrigues de Souza is affiliated to Yangon United F.C.
Júlio César Rodrigues de Souza is affiliated to Persiba Balikpapan
Júlio César Rodrigues de Souza is affiliated to Sabah FA
Júlio César Rodrigues de Souza is affiliated to Perlis FA
Júlio César Rodrigues de Souza is affiliated to Londrina Esporte Clube
Júlio César Rodrigues de Souza is affiliated to FC Gloria Buzău
Júlio César Rodrigues de Souza is affiliated to Santa Cruz Futebol Clube
Júlio César Rodrigues de Souza is affiliated to Busan IPark
Júlio César Rodrigues de Souza is affiliated to Clube Atlético Paranaense
Júlio César Rodrigues de Souza is affiliated to Sport Club do Recife
John Thomas (footballer born 1958) is affiliated to Bamber Bridge F.C.
John Thomas (footballer born 1958) is affiliated to Preston North End F.C.
John Thomas (footballer born 1958) is affiliated to Chester City F.C.
John Thomas (footballer born 1958) is affiliated to Tranmere Rovers F.C.
John Thomas (footballer born 1958) is affiliated to Everton F.C.
John Thomas (footballer born 1958) is affiliated to Halifax Town A.F.C.
John Thomas (footballer born 1958) is affiliated to Lincoln City F.C.
John Thomas (footballer born 1958) is affiliated to Bolton Wanderers F.C.
John Thomas (footballer born 1958) is affiliated to West Bromwich Albion F.C.
John Thomas (footballer born 1958) is affiliated to Hartlepool United F.C.
Georgios Tofas is affiliated to Anagennisi Dherynia
Georgios Tofas is affiliated to Anagennisi Karditsa F.C.
Georgios Tofas is affiliated to Anorthosis Famagusta FC
Georgios Tofas is affiliated to Enosis Neon Paralimni FC
Georgios Tofas is affiliated to Cyprus national under-21 football team
Georgios Tofas is affiliated to AEK Athens F.C.
Georgios Tofas is affiliated to Queens Park Rangers F.C.
Georgios Tofas is affiliated to A.E.K. Athens F.C.
Georgios Tofas is affiliated to Cyprus national football team
Georgios Tofas is affiliated to Alki Larnaca F.C.
Šempeter pri Gorici is located in Slovene Littoral
Šempeter pri Gorici is located in Slovenian Littoral
Šempeter pri Gorici is located in Goriška
Šempeter pri Gorici is located in Obalno-kraška Statistical Region
Šempeter pri Gorici is located in Slovenia
Šempeter pri Gorici is located in Poland
Šempeter pri Gorici is located in United States
Šempeter pri Gorici is located in Nova Gorica
Šempeter pri Gorici is located in Šempeter pri Gorici
Šempeter pri Gorici is located in Europe
Pape Diakhaté plays for AS Nancy
Pape Diakhaté plays for Senegal national football team
Pape Diakhaté plays for AS Saint-Étienne
Pape Diakhaté plays for Granada CF
Pape Diakhaté plays for FC Dynamo Kyiv
Pape Diakhaté plays for Olympique Lyonnais
Pape Diakhaté plays for A.S. Nancy-Lorraine
Pape Diakhaté plays for A.S. Saint-Étienne
Pape Diakhaté plays for Kayseri Erciyesspor
Pape Diakhaté plays for F.C. Dynamo Kyiv
Stjepan Deverić is affiliated to SK Sturm Graz
Stjepan Deverić is affiliated to HNK Hajduk Split
Stjepan Deverić is affiliated to Yugoslavia national football team
Stjepan Deverić is affiliated to S.K. Sturm Graz
Stjepan Deverić is affiliated to H.N.K. Hajduk Split
Stjepan Deverić is affiliated to GNK Dinamo Zagreb
Stjepan Deverić is affiliated to HŠK Zrinjski Mostar
Stjepan Deverić is affiliated to PFC Belasitsa Petrich
Stjepan Deverić is affiliated to N.K. Dinamo Zagreb
Stjepan Deverić is affiliated to Croatia national football team
Matt Paterson plays for Aldershot Town F.C.
Matt Paterson plays for Scotland national under-19 football team
Matt Paterson plays for A.F.C. Bournemouth
Matt Paterson plays for Havant & Waterlooville F.C.
Matt Paterson plays for Forest Green Rovers F.C.
Matt Paterson plays for Burton Albion F.C.
Matt Paterson plays for Southend United F.C.
Matt Paterson plays for Southampton F.C.
Matt Paterson plays for Hamilton Academical F.C.
Matt Paterson plays for Stockport County F.C.
Claudio Enría is affiliated to Club Atlético Colón
Claudio Enría is affiliated to Club Atlético Belgrano
Claudio Enría is affiliated to Club de Gimnasia y Esgrima La Plata
Claudio Enría is affiliated to Club Atlético Lanús
Claudio Enría is affiliated to Club Atlético Vélez Sarsfield
Claudio Enría is affiliated to CD Leganés
Claudio Enría is affiliated to Newell's Old Boys
Claudio Enría is affiliated to Sevilla FC
Claudio Enría is affiliated to Argentina national football team
Claudio Enría is affiliated to Racing Club de Avellaneda
Percival Piggott is affiliated to San Francisco F.C.
Percival Piggott is affiliated to Cojutepeque F.C.
Percival Piggott is affiliated to Sporting San Miguelito
Percival Piggott is affiliated to C.S. Herediano
Percival Piggott is affiliated to Municipal Liberia
Percival Piggott is affiliated to Tauro F.C.
Percival Piggott is affiliated to C.D. Luis Ángel Firpo
Percival Piggott is affiliated to C.D. Victoria
Percival Piggott is affiliated to Panama national football team
Percival Piggott is affiliated to C.S. Cartaginés
Bhakkar District is located in Pakistan
Bhakkar District is located in United States
"Bhakkar District is located in Punjab, Pakistan"
Bhakkar District is located in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa
Bhakkar District is located in India
Bhakkar District is located in Iran
Bhakkar District is located in Canada
Bhakkar District is located in United Kingdom
Bhakkar District is located in China
Bhakkar District is located in Poland
"Auburn, Washington is located in Seattle metropolitan area"
"Auburn, Washington is located in Pierce County, Washington"
"Auburn, Washington is located in King County, Washington"
"Auburn, Washington is located in United States"
"Auburn, Washington is located in Washington (state)"
"Auburn, Washington is located in King County"
"Auburn, Washington is located in California"
"Auburn, Washington is located in United Kingdom"
"Auburn, Washington is located in India"
"Auburn, Washington is located in Canada"
Mark Crossley was born in London
Mark Crossley was born in Sheffield
Mark Crossley was born in Manchester
Mark Crossley was born in Barnsley
Mark Crossley was born in Nottingham
Mark Crossley was born in Middlesbrough
Mark Crossley was born in Birmingham
Mark Crossley was born in Liverpool
Mark Crossley was born in Merthyr Tydfil
Mark Crossley was born in Cardiff
Remo Buess is affiliated to FC Concordia Basel
Remo Buess is affiliated to FC Zürich
Remo Buess is affiliated to Neuchâtel Xamax
Remo Buess is affiliated to FC Basel
Remo Buess is affiliated to Switzerland national football team
Remo Buess is affiliated to Brisbane Roar FC
Remo Buess is affiliated to Switzerland national under-21 football team
Remo Buess is affiliated to Grasshopper Club Zürich
Remo Buess is affiliated to BSC Young Boys
Remo Buess is affiliated to FC Luzern
Gmina Szelków is located in Maków County
Gmina Szelków is located in United States
Gmina Szelków is located in Masovian Voivodeship
Gmina Szelków is located in Poland
Gmina Szelków is located in Greater Poland Voivodeship
Gmina Szelków is located in Łódź Voivodeship
Gmina Szelków is located in North Carolina
Gmina Szelków is located in Pomeranian Voivodeship
Gmina Szelków is located in Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
Gmina Szelków is located in Wisconsin
"Surfers Paradise, Queensland is located in Gold Coast"
"Surfers Paradise, Queensland is located in Queensland"
"Surfers Paradise, Queensland is located in Australia"
"Surfers Paradise, Queensland is located in Brisbane"
"Surfers Paradise, Queensland is located in Surfers Paradise, Queensland"
"Surfers Paradise, Queensland is located in New South Wales"
"Surfers Paradise, Queensland is located in United States"
"Surfers Paradise, Queensland is located in Townsville"
"Surfers Paradise, Queensland is located in South East Queensland"
"Surfers Paradise, Queensland is located in Sydney"
Peter Creamer is affiliated to Hartlepool United F.C.
Peter Creamer is affiliated to Gateshead F.C.
Peter Creamer is affiliated to Doncaster Rovers F.C.
Peter Creamer is affiliated to York City F.C.
Peter Creamer is affiliated to Middlesbrough F.C.
Peter Creamer is affiliated to Rochdale A.F.C.
Peter Creamer is affiliated to Dallas Tornado
Peter Creamer is affiliated to Darlington F.C.
Peter Creamer is affiliated to Carlisle United F.C.
Peter Creamer is affiliated to Barrow A.F.C.
Seiji Kaneko plays for Mitra Kukar F.C.
Seiji Kaneko plays for Tampines Rovers FC
Seiji Kaneko plays for Avispa Fukuoka
Seiji Kaneko plays for Kashima Antlers
Seiji Kaneko plays for Vissel Kobe
Seiji Kaneko plays for Nagoya Grampus
Seiji Kaneko plays for Japan national under-20 football team
Seiji Kaneko plays for Japan national football team
Seiji Kaneko plays for JEF United Ichihara Chiba
Seiji Kaneko plays for Tokyo Verdy
Diane Varsi died in Los Angeles
"Diane Varsi died in San Mateo, California"
"Diane Varsi died in Beverly Hills, California"
"Diane Varsi died in Santa Monica, California"
Diane Varsi died in New York City
"Diane Varsi died in Malibu, California"
"Diane Varsi died in West Hollywood, California"
Diane Varsi died in London
"Diane Varsi died in Palm Springs, California"
"Diane Varsi died in Santa Barbara, California"
Marcello Mastroianni has gender female
Marcello Mastroianni has gender male
Marcello Mastroianni has gender United States
Marcello Mastroianni has gender United Kingdom
Marcello Mastroianni has gender Turkey
Marcello Mastroianni has gender English language
Marcello Mastroianni has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Marcello Mastroianni has gender South Korea
Marcello Mastroianni has gender United Arab Emirates
Marcello Mastroianni has gender France
Jim St. Andre plays for Denver Avalanche
Jim St. Andre plays for Fort Lauderdale Strikers (1988–94)
Jim St. Andre plays for New York Centaurs
Jim St. Andre plays for Wichita Wings
Jim St. Andre plays for Colorado Foxes
Jim St. Andre plays for New England Revolution
Jim St. Andre plays for Milwaukee Wave
Jim St. Andre plays for University of Vermont
Jim St. Andre plays for United States men's national soccer team
Jim St. Andre plays for Kansas City Attack
Rochford District is located in Essex (England)
Rochford District is located in United States
Rochford District is located in East of England
Rochford District is located in Essex
Rochford District is located in Poland
Rochford District is located in United Kingdom
Rochford District is located in Masovian Voivodeship
Rochford District is located in Iran
Rochford District is located in England
Rochford District is located in India
Silviu Ilie plays for FCM Dunărea Galați
Silviu Ilie plays for FC Oțelul Galați
Silviu Ilie plays for Romania national under-21 football team
Silviu Ilie plays for Romania national football team
Silviu Ilie plays for FC Steaua București
Silviu Ilie plays for FC Dinamo București
Silviu Ilie plays for FC Rapid București
Silviu Ilie plays for F.C. Steaua Bucureşti
Silviu Ilie plays for Romania national under-19 football team
Silviu Ilie plays for FC Vaslui
I'm Not There is located in United States
I'm Not There is located in United Kingdom
I'm Not There is located in France
I'm Not There is located in Germany
I'm Not There is located in Canada
I'm Not There is located in Italy
I'm Not There is located in India
I'm Not There is located in Japan
I'm Not There is located in Australia
I'm Not There is located in China
Gareth Hall is affiliated to Wales national football team
Gareth Hall is affiliated to Swindon Town F.C.
Gareth Hall is affiliated to Chelsea F.C.
Gareth Hall is affiliated to Brentford F.C.
Gareth Hall is affiliated to Sunderland A.F.C.
Gareth Hall is affiliated to Havant & Waterlooville F.C.
Gareth Hall is affiliated to Portsmouth F.C.
Gareth Hall is affiliated to Crystal Palace F.C.
Gareth Hall is affiliated to Swansea City A.F.C.
Gareth Hall is affiliated to Millwall F.C.
Niall Henderson plays for Glenavon F.C.
Niall Henderson plays for Glentoran F.C.
Niall Henderson plays for Newry City F.C.
Niall Henderson plays for Portadown F.C.
Niall Henderson plays for Gretna F.C.
Niall Henderson plays for Dungannon Swifts F.C.
Niall Henderson plays for Dumbarton F.C.
Niall Henderson plays for Raith Rovers F.C.
Niall Henderson plays for York City F.C.
Niall Henderson plays for Hamilton Academical F.C.
Andrea Cocco is affiliated to Pol. Alghero
Andrea Cocco is affiliated to Rovigo Calcio
Andrea Cocco is affiliated to U.S. Pistoiese 1921
Andrea Cocco is affiliated to Cagliari Calcio
Andrea Cocco is affiliated to F.B.C. Unione Venezia
Andrea Cocco is affiliated to Reggina Calcio
Andrea Cocco is affiliated to Hellas Verona F.C.
Andrea Cocco is affiliated to S.C. Beira-Mar
Andrea Cocco is affiliated to U.C. AlbinoLeffe
Andrea Cocco is affiliated to Atalanta B.C.
Agyemang Opoku is affiliated to Ghana national under-17 football team
Agyemang Opoku is affiliated to Ghana national under-20 football team
Agyemang Opoku is affiliated to Ghana national football team
Agyemang Opoku is affiliated to Al Sadd SC
Agyemang Opoku is affiliated to Ashanti Gold SC
Agyemang Opoku is affiliated to CS Sfaxien
Agyemang Opoku is affiliated to Al-Sadd S.C.
Agyemang Opoku is affiliated to PFC Levski Sofia
Agyemang Opoku is affiliated to Al Ahli SC (Doha)
Agyemang Opoku is affiliated to Liberty Professionals F.C.
Taras Kabanov plays for FC Karpaty Lviv
Taras Kabanov plays for FC Lviv
Taras Kabanov plays for FC Karpaty-2 Lviv
Taras Kabanov plays for FC Nyva Ternopil
Taras Kabanov plays for FC Volyn Lutsk
Taras Kabanov plays for PFC Oleksandriya
Taras Kabanov plays for FC Metalurh Zaporizhya
Taras Kabanov plays for FC Belshina Bobruisk
Taras Kabanov plays for FC Kharkiv
Taras Kabanov plays for FC Kryvbas Kryvyi Rih
Mattia De Sciglio was born in Rome
Mattia De Sciglio was born in Milan
Mattia De Sciglio was born in Verona
Mattia De Sciglio was born in Monza
Mattia De Sciglio was born in Naples
Mattia De Sciglio was born in Como
Mattia De Sciglio was born in Brescia
Mattia De Sciglio was born in Turin
Mattia De Sciglio was born in London
Mattia De Sciglio was born in Florence
Silvestre Igoa plays for Granada CF
Silvestre Igoa plays for Valencia CF
Silvestre Igoa plays for Real Sociedad
Silvestre Igoa plays for Granada C.F.
Silvestre Igoa plays for Spain national football team
Silvestre Igoa plays for Valencia C.F.
Silvestre Igoa plays for Spain national under-21 football team
Silvestre Igoa plays for Real Madrid C.F.
Silvestre Igoa plays for Hércules CF
Silvestre Igoa plays for Spain national under-23 football team
Tim Sherwood plays for England national football B team
Tim Sherwood plays for England national under-21 football team
Tim Sherwood plays for Tottenham Hotspur F.C.
Tim Sherwood plays for Norwich City F.C.
Tim Sherwood plays for England national football team
Tim Sherwood plays for Portsmouth F.C.
Tim Sherwood plays for Watford F.C.
Tim Sherwood plays for Coventry City F.C.
Tim Sherwood plays for Blackburn Rovers F.C.
Tim Sherwood plays for West Ham United F.C.
Roscoe B. Woodruff has won prize Silver Star
Roscoe B. Woodruff has won prize Purple Heart
Roscoe B. Woodruff has won prize Bronze Star Medal
Roscoe B. Woodruff has won prize Air Medal
Roscoe B. Woodruff has won prize Distinguished Service Medal (U.S. Army)
Roscoe B. Woodruff has won prize Legion of Merit
Roscoe B. Woodruff has won prize Distinguished Service Medal
Roscoe B. Woodruff has won prize Distinguished Service Cross (United States)
Roscoe B. Woodruff has won prize Distinguished Flying Cross (United States)
Roscoe B. Woodruff has won prize Gallantry Cross (Vietnam)
Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink has gender male
Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink has gender female
Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink has gender César Award
Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink has gender Tomsk
Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink has gender Azerbaijan
Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink has gender United Kingdom
Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink has gender Turkey
Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink has gender France
Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink has gender United States
Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Suvad Katana is affiliated to K.S.C. Lokeren Oost-Vlaanderen
Suvad Katana is affiliated to Adanaspor
Suvad Katana is affiliated to K.A.A. Gent
Suvad Katana is affiliated to R.S.C. Anderlecht
Suvad Katana is affiliated to K.R.C. Genk
Suvad Katana is affiliated to FK Željezničar Sarajevo
Suvad Katana is affiliated to F.K. Željezničar Sarajevo
Suvad Katana is affiliated to Belgium national football team
Suvad Katana is affiliated to Standard Liège
Suvad Katana is affiliated to KV Mechelen
Orlando Sá plays for Portugal national under-21 football team
Orlando Sá plays for Portugal national under-20 football team
Orlando Sá plays for F.C. Porto
Orlando Sá plays for Portugal national football team
Orlando Sá plays for S.C. Braga
Orlando Sá plays for C.D. Nacional
Orlando Sá plays for AD Esposende
Orlando Sá plays for Legia Warsaw
Orlando Sá plays for Fulham F.C.
Orlando Sá plays for AEL Limassol
Elvis Thomas has gender male
Elvis Thomas has gender female
Elvis Thomas has gender Azerbaijan
Elvis Thomas has gender Tomsk
Elvis Thomas has gender United Kingdom
Elvis Thomas has gender Brazil
Elvis Thomas has gender Republican Party (United States)
Elvis Thomas has gender Bulgaria
Elvis Thomas has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Elvis Thomas has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Jorge Ladines is affiliated to Club Deportivo El Nacional
Jorge Ladines is affiliated to Deportivo Cuenca
Jorge Ladines is affiliated to Club Sport Emelec
Jorge Ladines is affiliated to Barcelona Sporting Club
Jorge Ladines is affiliated to Ecuador national football team
Jorge Ladines is affiliated to Deportivo Quito
Jorge Ladines is affiliated to Centro Deportivo Olmedo
Jorge Ladines is affiliated to LDU Quito
Jorge Ladines is affiliated to Club Social y Deportivo Macará
Jorge Ladines is affiliated to Sociedad Deportiva Aucas
Robert Langlands graduated from University of British Columbia
Robert Langlands graduated from Princeton University
Robert Langlands graduated from Yale University
Robert Langlands graduated from Harvard University
Robert Langlands graduated from University of Michigan
Robert Langlands graduated from Stanford University
Robert Langlands graduated from Institute for Advanced Study
Robert Langlands graduated from University of Chicago
Robert Langlands graduated from University of Toronto
Robert Langlands graduated from University of Oxford
Tetsuya Ito plays for F.C. Gifu
Tetsuya Ito plays for Oita Trinita
Tetsuya Ito plays for Sanfrecce Hiroshima
Tetsuya Ito plays for NKK SC
Tetsuya Ito plays for F.C. Tokyo
Tetsuya Ito plays for Yokohama F. Marinos
Tetsuya Ito plays for Japan national football team
Tetsuya Ito plays for Shonan Bellmare
Tetsuya Ito plays for Avispa Fukuoka
Tetsuya Ito plays for Consadole Sapporo
Toyah Willcox wrote music for Jubilee (1978 film)
Toyah Willcox wrote music for The Last of England (film)
Toyah Willcox wrote music for The Tempest (1979 film)
Toyah Willcox wrote music for Call + Response
Toyah Willcox wrote music for Daft Punk's Electroma
Toyah Willcox wrote music for Water (1985 film)
Toyah Willcox wrote music for The Magic Christian (film)
Toyah Willcox wrote music for Vanishing Point (1971 film)
Toyah Willcox wrote music for The Strawberry Statement (film)
Toyah Willcox wrote music for Electric Dreams (film)
Wayne Rooney is affiliated to England national under-19 football team
Wayne Rooney is affiliated to England national under-17 football team
Wayne Rooney is affiliated to Everton F.C.
Wayne Rooney is affiliated to Manchester United F.C.
Wayne Rooney is affiliated to England national under-16 football team
Wayne Rooney is affiliated to England national under-21 football team
Wayne Rooney is affiliated to England national under-18 football team
Wayne Rooney is affiliated to England national football team
Wayne Rooney is affiliated to England national under-20 football team
Wayne Rooney is affiliated to Blackpool F.C.
Bobby Connor has gender male
Bobby Connor has gender female
Bobby Connor has gender United Kingdom
Bobby Connor has gender France
Bobby Connor has gender Azerbaijan
Bobby Connor has gender wordnet plastic 114592610
Bobby Connor has gender United States
Bobby Connor has gender César Award
Bobby Connor has gender Turkey
Bobby Connor has gender All-India Muslim League
Danny Seaborne is affiliated to Dorchester Town F.C.
Danny Seaborne is affiliated to Taunton Town F.C.
Danny Seaborne is affiliated to Yeovil Town F.C.
Danny Seaborne is affiliated to Exeter City F.C.
Danny Seaborne is affiliated to A.F.C. Bournemouth
Danny Seaborne is affiliated to Tiverton Town F.C.
Danny Seaborne is affiliated to Charlton Athletic F.C.
Danny Seaborne is affiliated to Southampton F.C.
Danny Seaborne is affiliated to Coventry City F.C.
Danny Seaborne is affiliated to Torquay United F.C.
Waldir Lucas Pereira plays for Al-Markhiya Sports Club
Waldir Lucas Pereira plays for Clube Atlético Metropolitano
Waldir Lucas Pereira plays for Duque de Caxias Futebol Clube
Waldir Lucas Pereira plays for Suwon Samsung Bluewings
Waldir Lucas Pereira plays for Ethnikos Piraeus F.C.
Waldir Lucas Pereira plays for Associação Desportiva São Caetano
Waldir Lucas Pereira plays for AC Ajaccio
Waldir Lucas Pereira plays for América Futebol Clube (SP)
Waldir Lucas Pereira plays for A.C. Ajaccio
Waldir Lucas Pereira plays for Clube Atlético Mineiro
Pop Robson is affiliated to Gateshead F.C.
Pop Robson is affiliated to Newcastle United F.C.
Pop Robson is affiliated to Sunderland A.F.C.
Pop Robson is affiliated to Carlisle United F.C.
Pop Robson is affiliated to Chelsea F.C.
Pop Robson is affiliated to West Ham United F.C.
Pop Robson is affiliated to England national football team
Pop Robson is affiliated to Middlesbrough F.C.
Pop Robson is affiliated to Hartlepool United F.C.
Pop Robson is affiliated to Liverpool F.C.
South Africa is located in South Africa
South Africa is located in Africa
South Africa is located in Western Cape
South Africa is located in Europe
South Africa is located in Asia
South Africa is located in Gauteng
South Africa is located in Southern Africa
South Africa is located in KwaZulu-Natal
South Africa is located in North America
South Africa is located in United States
Wýaçeslaw Krendelew plays for Turkmenistan national football team
Wýaçeslaw Krendelew plays for Nisa Aşgabat
Wýaçeslaw Krendelew plays for FC Terek Grozny
Wýaçeslaw Krendelew plays for FC Metallurg Lipetsk
Wýaçeslaw Krendelew plays for FC SKA-Energiya Khabarovsk
Wýaçeslaw Krendelew plays for FC Amkar Perm
Wýaçeslaw Krendelew plays for FC Baltika Kaliningrad
Wýaçeslaw Krendelew plays for FC Taraz
Wýaçeslaw Krendelew plays for FC Luch-Energiya Vladivostok
Wýaçeslaw Krendelew plays for Köpetdag Aşgabat
Rik Mayall influences Matt Lucas
Rik Mayall influences David Walliams
Rik Mayall influences Rik Mayall
Rik Mayall influences Ricky Gervais
Rik Mayall influences Robbie Bonham
Rik Mayall influences Noel Fielding
Rik Mayall influences Harry Hill
Rik Mayall influences Sacha Baron Cohen
Rik Mayall influences Rowan Atkinson
Rik Mayall influences Steve Coogan
Wisdom Mumba Chansa is affiliated to Nkana F.C.
Wisdom Mumba Chansa is affiliated to Power Dynamos F.C.
Wisdom Mumba Chansa is affiliated to Zambia national football team
Wisdom Mumba Chansa is affiliated to CSKA Pomir Dushanbe
Wisdom Mumba Chansa is affiliated to Dynamos F.C. (South Africa)
Wisdom Mumba Chansa is affiliated to Zanaco F.C.
Wisdom Mumba Chansa is affiliated to Green Buffaloes F.C.
Wisdom Mumba Chansa is affiliated to Tajikistan national football team
Wisdom Mumba Chansa is affiliated to ZESCO United F.C.
Wisdom Mumba Chansa is affiliated to AmaZulu F.C.
Simon Kjær is affiliated to Denmark national under-21 football team
Simon Kjær is affiliated to Denmark national under-19 football team
Simon Kjær is affiliated to Lille OSC
Simon Kjær is affiliated to FC Midtjylland
Simon Kjær is affiliated to Denmark national football team
Simon Kjær is affiliated to VfL Wolfsburg
Simon Kjær is affiliated to A.S. Roma
Simon Kjær is affiliated to Lille O.S.C.
Simon Kjær is affiliated to AC Horsens
Simon Kjær is affiliated to U.S. Città di Palermo
Jason Crowe plays for Corby Town F.C.
Jason Crowe plays for Northampton Town F.C.
Jason Crowe plays for Brentford F.C.
Jason Crowe plays for Crystal Palace F.C.
Jason Crowe plays for Portsmouth F.C.
Jason Crowe plays for Leeds United A.F.C.
Jason Crowe plays for Leyton Orient F.C.
Jason Crowe plays for Grimsby Town F.C.
Jason Crowe plays for Arsenal F.C.
Jason Crowe plays for England national under-20 football team
Henri Saivet plays for Angers SCO
Henri Saivet plays for France national under-16 football team
Henri Saivet plays for France national under-17 football team
Henri Saivet plays for FC Girondins de Bordeaux
Henri Saivet plays for Angers S.C.O.
Henri Saivet plays for France national under-18 football team
Henri Saivet plays for Senegal national football team
Henri Saivet plays for France national under-21 football team
Henri Saivet plays for F.C. Girondins de Bordeaux
Henri Saivet plays for France national under-19 football team
Brandão (footballer born 1980) has gender male
Brandão (footballer born 1980) has gender female
Brandão (footballer born 1980) has gender Hong Kong
Brandão (footballer born 1980) has gender United Kingdom
Brandão (footballer born 1980) has gender Tomsk
Brandão (footballer born 1980) has gender London
Brandão (footballer born 1980) has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Brandão (footballer born 1980) has gender New York City
Brandão (footballer born 1980) has gender United States
Brandão (footballer born 1980) has gender Azerbaijan
Draško Božović plays for FK Lovćen
Draško Božović plays for FK Mladost Podgorica
Draško Božović plays for FK Mogren
Draško Božović plays for Montenegro national football team
Draško Božović plays for FK Budućnost Podgorica
Draško Božović plays for Montenegro national under-21 football team
Draško Božović plays for NK Domžale
Draško Božović plays for Hapoel Be'er Sheva F.C.
Draško Božović plays for FK Sutjeska Nikšić
Draško Božović plays for FK Zeta
Jeon Kwang-jin plays for Dalian Shide F.C.
Jeon Kwang-jin plays for Sangju Sangmu FC
Jeon Kwang-jin plays for Chonburi F.C.
Jeon Kwang-jin plays for Myongji University
Jeon Kwang-jin plays for Seongnam FC
Jeon Kwang-jin plays for South Korea national football team
Jeon Kwang-jin plays for FC Seoul
Jeon Kwang-jin plays for South Korea national under-23 football team
Jeon Kwang-jin plays for Incheon United FC
Jeon Kwang-jin plays for Busan IPark
Posavina is located in Republika Srpska
Posavina is located in Serbia
Posavina is located in Europe
Posavina is located in Posavina
Posavina is located in Central Serbia
Posavina is located in Croatia
Posavina is located in Holy Roman Empire
Posavina is located in Poland
Posavina is located in Asia
Posavina is located in Balkans
Luigi Piangerelli is affiliated to U.S. Lecce
Luigi Piangerelli is affiliated to Brescia Calcio
Luigi Piangerelli is affiliated to U.S. Triestina Calcio
Luigi Piangerelli is affiliated to ACF Fiorentina
Luigi Piangerelli is affiliated to A.C. Cesena
Luigi Piangerelli is affiliated to A.C.F. Fiorentina
Luigi Piangerelli is affiliated to Unione Triestina 2012 S.S.D.
Luigi Piangerelli is affiliated to Italy national under-21 football team
Luigi Piangerelli is affiliated to U.C. Sampdoria
Luigi Piangerelli is affiliated to Italy national football team
Kirsty Yallop plays for Vittsjö GIK
Kirsty Yallop plays for New Zealand women's national football team
Kirsty Yallop plays for Lynn-Avon United
Kirsty Yallop plays for New Zealand women's national under-20 football team
Kirsty Yallop plays for Kristianstads DFF
Kirsty Yallop plays for Pali Blues
Kirsty Yallop plays for Sydney FC W-League
Kirsty Yallop plays for Three Kings United
Kirsty Yallop plays for Ottawa Fury Women
Kirsty Yallop plays for Linköpings FC
"John of Lancaster, 1st Duke of Bedford is politician of France"
"John of Lancaster, 1st Duke of Bedford is politician of Habsburg Netherlands"
"John of Lancaster, 1st Duke of Bedford is politician of United States"
"John of Lancaster, 1st Duke of Bedford is politician of Italy"
"John of Lancaster, 1st Duke of Bedford is politician of Belgium"
"John of Lancaster, 1st Duke of Bedford is politician of Jersey"
"John of Lancaster, 1st Duke of Bedford is politician of United Kingdom"
"John of Lancaster, 1st Duke of Bedford is politician of Spain"
"John of Lancaster, 1st Duke of Bedford is politician of Germany"
"John of Lancaster, 1st Duke of Bedford is politician of Scotland"
Carl Dale plays for Conwy Borough F.C.
Carl Dale plays for Chester City F.C.
Carl Dale plays for Yeovil Town F.C.
Carl Dale plays for Newport County A.F.C.
Carl Dale plays for Cardiff City F.C.
Carl Dale plays for Bangor City F.C.
Carl Dale plays for Arsenal F.C.
Carl Dale plays for Wales national football team
Carl Dale plays for Wales national under-21 football team
Carl Dale plays for Swansea City A.F.C.
Chris Barker is affiliated to Barnsley F.C.
Chris Barker is affiliated to Queens Park Rangers F.C.
Chris Barker is affiliated to Southend United F.C.
Chris Barker is affiliated to Plymouth Argyle F.C.
Chris Barker is affiliated to Alfreton Town F.C.
Chris Barker is affiliated to Stoke City F.C.
Chris Barker is affiliated to Cardiff City F.C.
Chris Barker is affiliated to Aldershot Town F.C.
Chris Barker is affiliated to Colchester United F.C.
Chris Barker is affiliated to Sheffield United F.C.
Maniche is affiliated to Portugal national football team
Maniche is affiliated to Portugal national under-21 football team
Maniche is affiliated to S.L. Benfica
Maniche is affiliated to F.C. Alverca
Maniche is affiliated to Sporting Clube de Portugal
Maniche is affiliated to F.C. Porto
Maniche is affiliated to 1. FC Köln
Maniche is affiliated to Atlético Madrid
Maniche is affiliated to Club Atlético de Madrid
Maniche is affiliated to F.C. Dynamo Moscow
Richard Evans Schultes influences E. O. Wilson
Richard Evans Schultes influences Alejo Carpentier
Richard Evans Schultes influences Allen Ginsberg
Richard Evans Schultes influences Terence McKenna
Richard Evans Schultes influences Richard Evans Schultes
Richard Evans Schultes influences William S. Burroughs
Richard Evans Schultes influences B. F. Skinner
Richard Evans Schultes influences Henry Adams
Richard Evans Schultes influences Jack Kerouac
Richard Evans Schultes influences Robert Lowell
Marie-Christine Arnautu is married to fr/Jean-François Jalkh
Marie-Christine Arnautu is married to fr/Alain Jamet
Marie-Christine Arnautu is married to Florian Philippot
Marie-Christine Arnautu is married to Louis Aliot
Marie-Christine Arnautu is married to Marie-Christine Arnautu
Marie-Christine Arnautu is married to Marine Le Pen
Marie-Christine Arnautu is married to fr/Édouard Frédéric-Dupont
Marie-Christine Arnautu is married to Jean-Marie Le Pen
Marie-Christine Arnautu is married to Bernadette Chirac
Marie-Christine Arnautu is married to Ségolène Royal
Jean-Paul Boëtius is affiliated to Netherlands national under-19 football team
Jean-Paul Boëtius is affiliated to Netherlands national under-17 football team
Jean-Paul Boëtius is affiliated to Netherlands national under-21 football team
Jean-Paul Boëtius is affiliated to Netherlands national football team
Jean-Paul Boëtius is affiliated to Feyenoord
Jean-Paul Boëtius is affiliated to S.B.V. Excelsior
Jean-Paul Boëtius is affiliated to A.F.C. Ajax
Jean-Paul Boëtius is affiliated to AFC Ajax
Jean-Paul Boëtius is affiliated to Sparta Rotterdam
Jean-Paul Boëtius is affiliated to SBV Excelsior
Jordan Cila has gender male
Jordan Cila has gender female
Jordan Cila has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Jordan Cila has gender Democratic Party (United States)
Jordan Cila has gender Republican Party (United States)
Jordan Cila has gender Azerbaijan
Jordan Cila has gender Tomsk
Jordan Cila has gender London Heathrow Terminal 3
Jordan Cila has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Jordan Cila has gender United Kingdom
Billy Thirlaway plays for South Shields F.C.
Billy Thirlaway plays for Luton Town F.C.
Billy Thirlaway plays for Southend United F.C.
Billy Thirlaway plays for Birmingham City F.C.
Billy Thirlaway plays for West Ham United F.C.
Billy Thirlaway plays for Cardiff City F.C.
Billy Thirlaway plays for Tunbridge Wells F.C.
Billy Thirlaway plays for Leyton Orient F.C.
Billy Thirlaway plays for Arsenal F.C.
Billy Thirlaway plays for Sunderland A.F.C.
Daniel Berg Hestad plays for Molde FK
Daniel Berg Hestad plays for Norway national under-21 football team
Daniel Berg Hestad plays for Norway national football team
Daniel Berg Hestad plays for SC Heerenveen
Daniel Berg Hestad plays for Norway national under-19 football team
Daniel Berg Hestad plays for Vålerenga Fotball
Daniel Berg Hestad plays for Rosenborg BK
Daniel Berg Hestad plays for Lillestrøm SK
Daniel Berg Hestad plays for Viking FK
Daniel Berg Hestad plays for SK Brann
Tommy O'Neil plays for Southport F.C.
Tommy O'Neil plays for Blackpool F.C.
Tommy O'Neil plays for Tranmere Rovers F.C.
Tommy O'Neil plays for Manchester United F.C.
Tommy O'Neil plays for Halifax Town A.F.C.
Tommy O'Neil plays for Chester City F.C.
Tommy O'Neil plays for Everton F.C.
Tommy O'Neil plays for Huddersfield Town F.C.
Tommy O'Neil plays for Preston North End F.C.
Tommy O'Neil plays for Blackburn Rovers F.C.
Lee Jung-youl plays for Incheon United FC
Lee Jung-youl plays for Jeonnam Dragons
Lee Jung-youl plays for Daejeon Citizen FC
Lee Jung-youl plays for Seongnam FC
Lee Jung-youl plays for FC Seoul
Lee Jung-youl plays for Soongsil University
Lee Jung-youl plays for South Korea national under-23 football team
Lee Jung-youl plays for South Korea national under-20 football team
Lee Jung-youl plays for South Korea national football team
Lee Jung-youl plays for Pohang Steelers
Alessandro Bruno is affiliated to F.C. Pro Vasto
Alessandro Bruno is affiliated to Taranto F.C. 1927
Alessandro Bruno is affiliated to Benevento Calcio
Alessandro Bruno is affiliated to A.S.G. Nocerina
Alessandro Bruno is affiliated to U.S. Latina Calcio
Alessandro Bruno is affiliated to U.S. Catanzaro 1929
Alessandro Bruno is affiliated to Atessa Val di Sangro S.S.D.
Alessandro Bruno is affiliated to S.S. Chieti Calcio
Alessandro Bruno is affiliated to A.S. Avellino 1912
Alessandro Bruno is affiliated to S.S. Juve Stabia
"Simon Cox (footballer, born 1987) has gender male"
"Simon Cox (footballer, born 1987) has gender female"
"Simon Cox (footballer, born 1987) has gender Tomsk"
"Simon Cox (footballer, born 1987) has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5"
"Simon Cox (footballer, born 1987) has gender France"
"Simon Cox (footballer, born 1987) has gender Turkey"
"Simon Cox (footballer, born 1987) has gender César Award"
"Simon Cox (footballer, born 1987) has gender Azerbaijan"
"Simon Cox (footballer, born 1987) has gender Laureus World Sports Awards"
"Simon Cox (footballer, born 1987) has gender United Kingdom"
Kostas Frantzeskos is affiliated to Proodeftiki F.C.
Kostas Frantzeskos is affiliated to Panathinaikos F.C.
Kostas Frantzeskos is affiliated to Kalamata F.C.
Kostas Frantzeskos is affiliated to OFI Crete
Kostas Frantzeskos is affiliated to Greece national football team
Kostas Frantzeskos is affiliated to Aris F.C. (Thessaloniki)
Kostas Frantzeskos is affiliated to PAOK FC
Kostas Frantzeskos is affiliated to AEK Larnaca F.C.
Kostas Frantzeskos is affiliated to Ionikos F.C.
Kostas Frantzeskos is affiliated to PAS Giannina F.C.
René Deck plays for FC Wettingen
René Deck plays for FC Winterthur
René Deck plays for Switzerland national football team
René Deck plays for VfB Stuttgart
René Deck plays for PAOK FC
René Deck plays for P.A.O.K. Thessaloniki F.C.
René Deck plays for Grasshopper Club Zürich
René Deck plays for FC St. Gallen
René Deck plays for FC Basel
René Deck plays for FC Luzern
Attila Kuttor is affiliated to Szombathelyi Haladás
Attila Kuttor is affiliated to Diósgyőri VTK
Attila Kuttor is affiliated to BFC Siófok
Attila Kuttor is affiliated to Győri ETO FC
Attila Kuttor is affiliated to Videoton FC
Attila Kuttor is affiliated to Debreceni VSC
Attila Kuttor is affiliated to Hungary national football team
Attila Kuttor is affiliated to MTK Budapest FC
Attila Kuttor is affiliated to Hungary national under-21 football team
Attila Kuttor is affiliated to Nyíregyháza Spartacus FC
Gary Paul Nabhan works at Northern Arizona University
Gary Paul Nabhan works at University of Arizona
Gary Paul Nabhan works at Massachusetts Institute of Technology
Gary Paul Nabhan works at Princeton University
Gary Paul Nabhan works at Yale University
Gary Paul Nabhan works at Institute for Advanced Study
"Gary Paul Nabhan works at University of California, Berkeley"
Gary Paul Nabhan works at University of Chicago
Gary Paul Nabhan works at Harvard University
Gary Paul Nabhan works at Cornell University
Óscar Pérez Bovela is affiliated to Real Oviedo Vetusta
Óscar Pérez Bovela is affiliated to Cádiz CF
Óscar Pérez Bovela is affiliated to Real Oviedo
Óscar Pérez Bovela is affiliated to Ratchaburi F.C.
Óscar Pérez Bovela is affiliated to Racing de Santander
Óscar Pérez Bovela is affiliated to Córdoba CF
Óscar Pérez Bovela is affiliated to CD Tenerife
Óscar Pérez Bovela is affiliated to SD Eibar
Óscar Pérez Bovela is affiliated to Udinese Calcio
Óscar Pérez Bovela is affiliated to Granada CF
Suresh Krissna created Annamalai (film)
Suresh Krissna created Arumugam (film)
Suresh Krissna created Baba (2002 film)
Suresh Krissna created Baashha
Suresh Krissna created Parattai Engira Azhagu Sundaram
Suresh Krissna created Shiva (1990 film)
Suresh Krissna created Sathya (film)
Suresh Krissna created Billa (2009 film)
Suresh Krissna created Subash Chandra Bose (film)
Suresh Krissna created Kuththu
Johnny Marr has musical role wordnet harmonica 103494278
Johnny Marr has musical role wordnet vocal music 107282006
Johnny Marr has musical role wordnet guitar 103467517
Johnny Marr has musical role wordnet mandolin 103716966
Johnny Marr has musical role wordnet keyboard 103614007
Johnny Marr has musical role wordnet piano 103928116
Johnny Marr has musical role wordnet bass guitar 102804123
Johnny Marr has musical role wordnet drum 103249569
Johnny Marr has musical role wordnet banjo 102787622
Johnny Marr has musical role wordnet synthesist 110687231
Kevin McKinlay is affiliated to Partick Thistle F.C.
Kevin McKinlay is affiliated to Ayr United F.C.
Kevin McKinlay is affiliated to Greenock Morton F.C.
Kevin McKinlay is affiliated to Dundalk F.C.
Kevin McKinlay is affiliated to Stenhousemuir F.C.
Kevin McKinlay is affiliated to Ross County F.C.
Kevin McKinlay is affiliated to Chelsea F.C.
Kevin McKinlay is affiliated to Dundee F.C.
Kevin McKinlay is affiliated to Scotland national under-21 football team
Kevin McKinlay is affiliated to St. Mirren F.C.
Fred Carreiro plays for Melbourne Victory FC
Fred Carreiro plays for Philadelphia Union
Fred Carreiro plays for Tupi Football Club
Fred Carreiro plays for Wellington Phoenix FC
Fred Carreiro plays for América Futebol Clube (MG)
Fred Carreiro plays for D.C. United
Fred Carreiro plays for Melbourne City FC
Fred Carreiro plays for Guarani Futebol Clube
Fred Carreiro plays for Melbourne Victory F.C.
Fred Carreiro plays for Melbourne Heart FC
Eugen Nae plays for AFC Rocar București
Eugen Nae plays for Foresta Fălticeni
Eugen Nae plays for FC Sportul Studențesc București
Eugen Nae plays for FC Progresul București
Eugen Nae plays for FC Farul Constanța
Eugen Nae plays for FC Astra Giurgiu
Eugen Nae plays for CS Otopeni
Eugen Nae plays for FC Steaua București
Eugen Nae plays for FC Brașov
Eugen Nae plays for Al Ahli Club (Dubai)
Ray Ellin has gender male
Ray Ellin has gender female
Ray Ellin has gender United Kingdom
Ray Ellin has gender Turkey
Ray Ellin has gender France
Ray Ellin has gender Italy
Ray Ellin has gender United States
Ray Ellin has gender London
Ray Ellin has gender Ankara
Ray Ellin has gender Paris
Mickey Weir plays for Motherwell F.C.
Mickey Weir plays for Hibernian F.C.
Mickey Weir plays for Millwall F.C.
Mickey Weir plays for Luton Town F.C.
Mickey Weir plays for Scotland national football team
Mickey Weir plays for Dundee F.C.
Mickey Weir plays for Scotland national under-21 football team
Mickey Weir plays for Charlton Athletic F.C.
Mickey Weir plays for Celtic F.C.
Mickey Weir plays for Chelsea F.C.
Demetrios Christodoulou lives in Switzerland
Demetrios Christodoulou lives in United States
Demetrios Christodoulou lives in Germany
Demetrios Christodoulou lives in France
Demetrios Christodoulou lives in United Kingdom
Demetrios Christodoulou lives in Canada
Demetrios Christodoulou lives in California
Demetrios Christodoulou lives in Greece
Demetrios Christodoulou lives in New York City
Demetrios Christodoulou lives in Italy
Wim Raymaekers plays for Lommel United
Wim Raymaekers plays for Oud-Heverlee Leuven
Wim Raymaekers plays for FC Den Bosch
Wim Raymaekers plays for Waasland-Beveren
Wim Raymaekers plays for K.R.C. Genk
Wim Raymaekers plays for K. Beringen-Heusden-Zolder
Wim Raymaekers plays for K. Sint-Truidense V.V.
Wim Raymaekers plays for Beerschot AC
Wim Raymaekers plays for K.V.C. Westerlo
Wim Raymaekers plays for Lierse S.K.
Kevin Fickentscher is affiliated to FC La Chaux-de-Fonds
Kevin Fickentscher is affiliated to Switzerland national under-21 football team
Kevin Fickentscher is affiliated to FC Lausanne-Sport
Kevin Fickentscher is affiliated to Werder Bremen
Kevin Fickentscher is affiliated to SV Werder Bremen
Kevin Fickentscher is affiliated to SV Werder Bremen II
Kevin Fickentscher is affiliated to FC Sion
Kevin Fickentscher is affiliated to Switzerland national football team
Kevin Fickentscher is affiliated to Neuchâtel Xamax
Kevin Fickentscher is affiliated to Yverdon-Sport FC
Kufstein District has capital Kufstein
Kufstein District has capital Wörgl
Kufstein District has capital Kufstein District
Kufstein District has capital Tyrol
Kufstein District has capital Tyrol (state)
Kufstein District has capital Kirchberg in Tirol
Kufstein District has capital Kitzbühel
Kufstein District has capital Lienz
Kufstein District has capital Innsbruck-Land District
Kufstein District has capital Innsbruck
Chris Sulley plays for Preston North End F.C.
Chris Sulley plays for A.F.C. Bournemouth
Chris Sulley plays for Blackburn Rovers F.C.
Chris Sulley plays for Port Vale F.C.
Chris Sulley plays for Chelsea F.C.
Chris Sulley plays for Dundee United F.C.
Chris Sulley plays for Southampton F.C.
Chris Sulley plays for Portsmouth F.C.
Chris Sulley plays for Scotland national football team
Chris Sulley plays for Burnley F.C.
Alberto Cavasin plays for S.P.A.L. 2013
Alberto Cavasin plays for Hellas Verona F.C.
Alberto Cavasin plays for U.S. Catanzaro 1929
Alberto Cavasin plays for A.C.D. Treviso 2013
Alberto Cavasin plays for A.S. Avellino 1912
Alberto Cavasin plays for A.C. Cesena
Alberto Cavasin plays for A.S. Bari
Alberto Cavasin plays for Atalanta B.C.
Alberto Cavasin plays for Italy national football team
Alberto Cavasin plays for Calcio Padova
Sompong Soleb has gender male
Sompong Soleb has gender female
Sompong Soleb has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Sompong Soleb has gender France
Sompong Soleb has gender United Kingdom
Sompong Soleb has gender Azerbaijan
Sompong Soleb has gender Bulgaria
Sompong Soleb has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Sompong Soleb has gender Turkey
Sompong Soleb has gender Labour Party (UK)
Doug Gilmour is affiliated to Cornwall Royals
Doug Gilmour is affiliated to Chicago Blackhawks
Doug Gilmour is affiliated to St. Louis Blues
Doug Gilmour is affiliated to Buffalo Sabres
Doug Gilmour is affiliated to New Jersey Devils
Doug Gilmour is affiliated to Calgary Flames
Doug Gilmour is affiliated to Toronto Maple Leafs
Doug Gilmour is affiliated to Pittsburgh Penguins
Doug Gilmour is affiliated to Phoenix Coyotes
Doug Gilmour is affiliated to Dallas Stars
"California Institute of the Arts is located in Valencia, California"
California Institute of the Arts is located in California
California Institute of the Arts is located in United States
California Institute of the Arts is located in Los Angeles
California Institute of the Arts is located in California Institute of the Arts
"California Institute of the Arts is located in Los Angeles County, California"
California Institute of the Arts is located in New York City
California Institute of the Arts is located in Massachusetts
"California Institute of the Arts is located in Orange County, California"
California Institute of the Arts is located in Pennsylvania
Graaff-Reinet is located in Eastern Cape
Graaff-Reinet is located in United States
Graaff-Reinet is located in Cacadu District Municipality
Graaff-Reinet is located in Poland
Graaff-Reinet is located in India
Graaff-Reinet is located in Japan
Graaff-Reinet is located in Iran
Graaff-Reinet is located in United Kingdom
Graaff-Reinet is located in Greater Poland Voivodeship
Graaff-Reinet is located in Amathole District Municipality
Luca Marchegiani is affiliated to Brescia Calcio
Luca Marchegiani is affiliated to S.S. Lazio
Luca Marchegiani is affiliated to A.C. Chievo Verona
Luca Marchegiani is affiliated to Torino F.C.
Luca Marchegiani is affiliated to Torino F.C. 1906
Luca Marchegiani is affiliated to Italy national football team
Luca Marchegiani is affiliated to A.C. ChievoVerona
Luca Marchegiani is affiliated to Italy national under-21 football team
Luca Marchegiani is affiliated to Juventus F.C.
Luca Marchegiani is affiliated to U.C. Sampdoria
Nelson Mandela is affiliated to Democratic Party (United States)
Nelson Mandela is affiliated to Independent (politician)
Nelson Mandela is affiliated to United Party (South Africa)
Nelson Mandela is affiliated to Republican Party (United States)
Nelson Mandela is affiliated to National Party (South Africa)
Nelson Mandela is affiliated to Communist Party of the Soviet Union
Nelson Mandela is affiliated to National Party of South Africa
Nelson Mandela is affiliated to Labour Party (UK)
Nelson Mandela is affiliated to African National Congress
Nelson Mandela is affiliated to League of Communists of Yugoslavia
Musaed Neda plays for Qadsia SC
Musaed Neda plays for Al Shabab FC (Riyadh)
Musaed Neda plays for Al Nassr FC
Musaed Neda plays for Al-Wakrah Sport Club
Musaed Neda plays for Kuwait national football team
Musaed Neda plays for Saudi Arabia national football team
Musaed Neda plays for Al-Arabi SC (Kuwait)
Musaed Neda plays for Al-Nasr SC (Dubai)
Musaed Neda plays for Kazma Sporting Club
Musaed Neda plays for Al-Ahli SC (Jeddah)
Norman Bodell is affiliated to Altrincham F.C.
Norman Bodell is affiliated to Halifax Town A.F.C.
Norman Bodell is affiliated to Rochdale A.F.C.
Norman Bodell is affiliated to Crewe Alexandra F.C.
Norman Bodell is affiliated to Chester City F.C.
Norman Bodell is affiliated to Stockport County F.C.
Norman Bodell is affiliated to Oldham Athletic A.F.C.
Norman Bodell is affiliated to Bury F.C.
Norman Bodell is affiliated to Huddersfield Town F.C.
Norman Bodell is affiliated to Blackpool F.C.
Igor Bugaiov is affiliated to FC Tighina
Igor Bugaiov is affiliated to Moldova national football team
Igor Bugaiov is affiliated to CS Tiligul-Tiras Tiraspol
Igor Bugaiov is affiliated to Moldova national under-21 football team
Igor Bugaiov is affiliated to FC Tobol
Igor Bugaiov is affiliated to FC Astana
Igor Bugaiov is affiliated to FC Academia Chișinău
Igor Bugaiov is affiliated to FC Chornomorets Odesa
Igor Bugaiov is affiliated to FC Metalurh Zaporizhya
Igor Bugaiov is affiliated to FC Ceahlăul Piatra Neamț
Vladimir Akhalaia plays for Georgia national football team
Vladimir Akhalaia plays for FC Norchi Dinamo Tbilisi
Vladimir Akhalaia plays for FC Dacia Chișinău
Vladimir Akhalaia plays for FC Rapid Ghidighici
Vladimir Akhalaia plays for FC Zimbru-2 Chișinău
Vladimir Akhalaia plays for FC Dinamo Tbilisi
Vladimir Akhalaia plays for FC Metalurgi Rustavi
Vladimir Akhalaia plays for FC Zimbru Chișinău
Vladimir Akhalaia plays for FC Olimpia Bălți
Vladimir Akhalaia plays for Georgia national under-21 football team
Robert Benchley acted in The Reluctant Dragon (film)
Robert Benchley acted in Song of Russia
Robert Benchley acted in You'll Never Get Rich
Robert Benchley acted in It's in the Bag!
Robert Benchley acted in China Seas (film)
Robert Benchley acted in Foreign Correspondent (film)
Robert Benchley acted in The Hollywood Revue of 1929
Robert Benchley acted in Robert Benchley
Robert Benchley acted in Journey Back to Oz
Robert Benchley acted in Tales of Manhattan
Stanley Cohen (biochemist) is citizen of United States
Stanley Cohen (biochemist) is citizen of United Kingdom
Stanley Cohen (biochemist) is citizen of Germany
Stanley Cohen (biochemist) is citizen of France
Stanley Cohen (biochemist) is citizen of Italy
Stanley Cohen (biochemist) is citizen of Canada
Stanley Cohen (biochemist) is citizen of Australia
Stanley Cohen (biochemist) is citizen of Belgium
Stanley Cohen (biochemist) is citizen of Russia
Stanley Cohen (biochemist) is citizen of England
Andy Kennedy (footballer born 1964) has gender male
Andy Kennedy (footballer born 1964) has gender female
Andy Kennedy (footballer born 1964) has gender France
Andy Kennedy (footballer born 1964) has gender César Award
Andy Kennedy (footballer born 1964) has gender Azerbaijan
Andy Kennedy (footballer born 1964) has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Andy Kennedy (footballer born 1964) has gender Germany
Andy Kennedy (footballer born 1964) has gender Tomsk
Andy Kennedy (footballer born 1964) has gender Turkey
Andy Kennedy (footballer born 1964) has gender Republican Party (United States)
Yasuhiro Hato plays for Yokohama F. Marinos
Yasuhiro Hato plays for Yokohama Flügels
Yasuhiro Hato plays for Omiya Ardija
Yasuhiro Hato plays for Japan national football team
Yasuhiro Hato plays for Kashiwa Reysol
Yasuhiro Hato plays for Júbilo Iwata
Yasuhiro Hato plays for JEF United Ichihara Chiba
Yasuhiro Hato plays for Japan national under-20 football team
Yasuhiro Hato plays for Vissel Kobe
Yasuhiro Hato plays for Avispa Fukuoka
Olsztynek is located in Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
Olsztynek is located in Poland
Olsztynek is located in United States
Olsztynek is located in Warmia-Masuria
Olsztynek is located in Masovian Voivodeship
Olsztynek is located in Elbląg County
Olsztynek is located in Greater Poland Voivodeship
Olsztynek is located in Lower Silesian Voivodeship
Olsztynek is located in Olsztyn County
Olsztynek is located in Lesser Poland Voivodeship
Andrei Karyaka is affiliated to FC Saturn Ramenskoye
Andrei Karyaka is affiliated to FC Krylia Sovetov Samara
Andrei Karyaka is affiliated to FC Volga Nizhny Novgorod
Andrei Karyaka is affiliated to FC Dynamo Moscow
Andrei Karyaka is affiliated to Russia national football team
Andrei Karyaka is affiliated to FC CSKA Kyiv
Andrei Karyaka is affiliated to Saturn Moscow Oblast
Andrei Karyaka is affiliated to S.L. Benfica
Andrei Karyaka is affiliated to FC Metalurh Zaporizhya
Andrei Karyaka is affiliated to F.C. Dynamo Moscow
Peter Cullen acted in The Tigger Movie
Peter Cullen acted in Pooh's Heffalump Movie
Peter Cullen acted in Piglet's Big Movie
Peter Cullen acted in A Very Merry Pooh Year
Peter Cullen acted in The Pirates of Dark Water
Peter Cullen acted in Springtime with Roo
Peter Cullen acted in Scooby-Doo on Zombie Island
Peter Cullen acted in The Jungle Book 2
Peter Cullen acted in Annabelle's Wish
Peter Cullen acted in Brother Bear 2
Bernard Rahis plays for Nîmes Olympique
Bernard Rahis plays for Servette FC
Bernard Rahis plays for France national football team
Bernard Rahis plays for Lille OSC
Bernard Rahis plays for Annecy F.C.
Bernard Rahis plays for Nîmes Olympique F.C.
Bernard Rahis plays for Lille O.S.C.
Bernard Rahis plays for Olympique de Marseille
Bernard Rahis plays for AS Saint-Étienne
Bernard Rahis plays for Paris Saint-Germain F.C.
Charles Thomson Rees Wilson has won prize Royal Medal
Charles Thomson Rees Wilson has won prize Franklin Medal
Charles Thomson Rees Wilson has won prize Nobel Prize in Physics
Charles Thomson Rees Wilson has won prize Hughes Medal
Charles Thomson Rees Wilson has won prize Copley Medal
Charles Thomson Rees Wilson has won prize Faraday Medal
Charles Thomson Rees Wilson has won prize Albert Medal (Royal Society of Arts)
Charles Thomson Rees Wilson has won prize Rumford Medal
Charles Thomson Rees Wilson has won prize Lomonosov Gold Medal
Charles Thomson Rees Wilson has won prize Elliott Cresson Medal
Jody Morris plays for England national under-20 football team
Jody Morris plays for Leeds United A.F.C.
Jody Morris plays for Rotherham United F.C.
Jody Morris plays for Bristol City F.C.
Jody Morris plays for Chelsea F.C.
Jody Morris plays for St. Johnstone F.C.
Jody Morris plays for Millwall F.C.
Jody Morris plays for England national under-21 football team
Jody Morris plays for England national under-18 football team
Jody Morris plays for England national under-19 football team
Srdjan Djekanović is affiliated to FK Železničar Beograd
Srdjan Djekanović is affiliated to FK Radnički Obrenovac
Srdjan Djekanović is affiliated to Montreal Impact
Srdjan Djekanović is affiliated to Toronto FC
Srdjan Djekanović is affiliated to FK Zemun
Srdjan Djekanović is affiliated to Toronto F.C.
Srdjan Djekanović is affiliated to Montreal Impact (1992–2011)
Srdjan Djekanović is affiliated to Canada men's national under-20 soccer team
Srdjan Djekanović is affiliated to University of British Columbia
Srdjan Djekanović is affiliated to Vancouver Whitecaps (1986–2010)
Tomasz Dawidowski is affiliated to Lechia Gdańsk
Tomasz Dawidowski is affiliated to Amica Wronki
Tomasz Dawidowski is affiliated to Poland national football team
Tomasz Dawidowski is affiliated to Wisła Kraków
Tomasz Dawidowski is affiliated to Widzew Łódź
Tomasz Dawidowski is affiliated to Lech Poznań
Tomasz Dawidowski is affiliated to Poland national under-21 football team
Tomasz Dawidowski is affiliated to Polonia Warsaw
Tomasz Dawidowski is affiliated to Górnik Zabrze
Tomasz Dawidowski is affiliated to ŁKS Łódź
Scott Morrison (footballer) plays for Phoenix FC
Scott Morrison (footballer) plays for Aberdeen F.C.
Scott Morrison (footballer) plays for Ross County F.C.
Scott Morrison (footballer) plays for Dunfermline Athletic F.C.
Scott Morrison (footballer) plays for Scotland national under-21 football team
Scott Morrison (footballer) plays for Arizona United SC
Scott Morrison (footballer) plays for Dundee United F.C.
Scott Morrison (footballer) plays for Inverness Caledonian Thistle F.C.
Scott Morrison (footballer) plays for Dundee F.C.
Scott Morrison (footballer) plays for Scotland national football team
Jawhar Mnari is affiliated to US Monastir
Jawhar Mnari is affiliated to Tunisia national football team
Jawhar Mnari is affiliated to fr/Union sportive monastirienne (football)
Jawhar Mnari is affiliated to FSV Frankfurt
Jawhar Mnari is affiliated to 1. FC Nuremberg
Jawhar Mnari is affiliated to 1. FC Nürnberg
Jawhar Mnari is affiliated to Espérance de Tunis
Jawhar Mnari is affiliated to Étoile du Sahel
Jawhar Mnari is affiliated to fr/Équipe de Tunisie olympique de football
Jawhar Mnari is affiliated to fr/Avenir sportif de La Marsa (football)
City of Shoalhaven is located in South Coast (New South Wales)
City of Shoalhaven is located in Illawarra
City of Shoalhaven is located in Australia
City of Shoalhaven is located in New South Wales
City of Shoalhaven is located in City of Shoalhaven
City of Shoalhaven is located in United States
City of Shoalhaven is located in United Kingdom
City of Shoalhaven is located in England
City of Shoalhaven is located in Sydney
City of Shoalhaven is located in Scotland
"Wolfgang, Count Palatine of Zweibrücken has child Philip Louis, Count Palatine of Neuburg"
"Wolfgang, Count Palatine of Zweibrücken has child Wolfgang, Count Palatine of Zweibrücken"
"Wolfgang, Count Palatine of Zweibrücken has child Otto Henry, Elector Palatine"
"Wolfgang, Count Palatine of Zweibrücken has child John William, Duke of Jülich-Cleves-Berg"
"Wolfgang, Count Palatine of Zweibrücken has child John Sigismund, Elector of Brandenburg"
"Wolfgang, Count Palatine of Zweibrücken has child Frederick III, Elector Palatine"
"Wolfgang, Count Palatine of Zweibrücken has child Henry I, Margrave of Brandenburg-Stendal"
"Wolfgang, Count Palatine of Zweibrücken has child Joachim III Frederick, Elector of Brandenburg"
"Wolfgang, Count Palatine of Zweibrücken has child Bolesław I the Tall"
"Wolfgang, Count Palatine of Zweibrücken has child Charles Theodore, Elector of Bavaria"
Sean Doherty (footballer) plays for Marine F.C.
Sean Doherty (footballer) plays for Colwyn Bay F.C.
Sean Doherty (footballer) plays for Southport F.C.
Sean Doherty (footballer) plays for Droylsden F.C.
Sean Doherty (footballer) plays for A.F.C. Liverpool
Sean Doherty (footballer) plays for Accrington Stanley F.C.
Sean Doherty (footballer) plays for Blackpool F.C.
Sean Doherty (footballer) plays for Port Vale F.C.
Sean Doherty (footballer) plays for Witton Albion F.C.
Sean Doherty (footballer) plays for Everton F.C.
Spencer Evans is affiliated to Rhyl F.C.
Spencer Evans is affiliated to Altrincham F.C.
Spencer Evans is affiliated to Northwich Victoria F.C.
Spencer Evans is affiliated to Wrexham F.C.
Spencer Evans is affiliated to Chester City F.C.
Spencer Evans is affiliated to Stoke City F.C.
Spencer Evans is affiliated to Port Vale F.C.
Spencer Evans is affiliated to Crewe Alexandra F.C.
Spencer Evans is affiliated to Macclesfield Town F.C.
Spencer Evans is affiliated to Manchester City F.C.
Igor Gal is affiliated to NK Slaven Belupo
Igor Gal is affiliated to HNK Hajduk Split
Igor Gal is affiliated to Croatia national under-21 football team
Igor Gal is affiliated to H.N.K. Hajduk Split
Igor Gal is affiliated to Enosis Neon Paralimni FC
Igor Gal is affiliated to Diósgyőri VTK
Igor Gal is affiliated to Çaykur Rizespor
Igor Gal is affiliated to KF Tirana
Igor Gal is affiliated to Croatia national football team
Igor Gal is affiliated to NK Varaždin
Julien Tournut is affiliated to AS Nancy
Julien Tournut is affiliated to F91 Dudelange
Julien Tournut is affiliated to USL Dunkerque
Julien Tournut is affiliated to A.S. Nancy-Lorraine
Julien Tournut is affiliated to Waasland-Beveren
Julien Tournut is affiliated to Yverdon-Sport FC
Julien Tournut is affiliated to Lierse S.K.
Julien Tournut is affiliated to FC Metz
Julien Tournut is affiliated to F.C. Metz
Julien Tournut is affiliated to Luxembourg national football team
Chad Gould is affiliated to Philippines national under-23 football team
Chad Gould is affiliated to Loyola Meralco Sparks F.C.
Chad Gould is affiliated to Philippines national football team
Chad Gould is affiliated to Selangor FA
Chad Gould is affiliated to A.F.C. Wimbledon
Chad Gould is affiliated to AFC Wimbledon
Chad Gould is affiliated to Southampton F.C.
Chad Gould is affiliated to A.F.C. Bournemouth
Chad Gould is affiliated to Portsmouth F.C.
Chad Gould is affiliated to Chelsea F.C.
Richard Rojas is affiliated to Club Deportivo San José
Richard Rojas is affiliated to Club Aurora
Richard Rojas is affiliated to Bolivia national football team
Richard Rojas is affiliated to La Paz F.C.
Richard Rojas is affiliated to Club Jorge Wilstermann
Richard Rojas is affiliated to The Strongest
Richard Rojas is affiliated to Club Bolívar
Richard Rojas is affiliated to Club Real Potosí
Richard Rojas is affiliated to Oriente Petrolero
Richard Rojas is affiliated to Club Blooming
Jimmy Daws plays for Poole Town F.C.
Jimmy Daws plays for Notts County F.C.
Jimmy Daws plays for Mansfield Town F.C.
Jimmy Daws plays for Bristol Rovers F.C.
Jimmy Daws plays for Birmingham City F.C.
Jimmy Daws plays for Lincoln City F.C.
Jimmy Daws plays for Bristol City F.C.
Jimmy Daws plays for Exeter City F.C.
Jimmy Daws plays for England national football team
Jimmy Daws plays for Northampton Town F.C.
Peking University is located in Beijing
Peking University is located in China
Peking University is located in United States
Peking University is located in Shanghai
Peking University is located in New York City
Peking University is located in Singapore
Peking University is located in Hong Kong
Peking University is located in Germany
Peking University is located in India
Peking University is located in United Kingdom
Edinson Cavani is affiliated to Uruguay Olympic football team
Edinson Cavani is affiliated to Uruguay national under-20 football team
Edinson Cavani is affiliated to Uruguay national football team
Edinson Cavani is affiliated to Danubio F.C.
Edinson Cavani is affiliated to S.S.C. Napoli
Edinson Cavani is affiliated to U.S. Città di Palermo
Edinson Cavani is affiliated to Paris Saint-Germain F.C.
Edinson Cavani is affiliated to Peñarol
Edinson Cavani is affiliated to Club Nacional de Football
Edinson Cavani is affiliated to Inter Milan
Krzysztof Kazimierczak is affiliated to KS Polkowice
Krzysztof Kazimierczak is affiliated to Miedź Legnica
Krzysztof Kazimierczak is affiliated to Wisła Płock
Krzysztof Kazimierczak is affiliated to Górnik Łęczna
Krzysztof Kazimierczak is affiliated to Zagłębie Lubin
Krzysztof Kazimierczak is affiliated to Polonia Warsaw
Krzysztof Kazimierczak is affiliated to Boavista F.C.
Krzysztof Kazimierczak is affiliated to ŁKS Łódź
Krzysztof Kazimierczak is affiliated to Poland national football team
Krzysztof Kazimierczak is affiliated to Śląsk Wrocław
Rowan Alexander is affiliated to Gretna F.C.
Rowan Alexander is affiliated to Queen of the South F.C.
Rowan Alexander is affiliated to Annan Athletic F.C.
Rowan Alexander is affiliated to Greenock Morton F.C.
Rowan Alexander is affiliated to St. Mirren F.C.
Rowan Alexander is affiliated to Brentford F.C.
Rowan Alexander is affiliated to Hamilton Academical F.C.
Rowan Alexander is affiliated to Hibernian F.C.
Rowan Alexander is affiliated to Partick Thistle F.C.
Rowan Alexander is affiliated to St. Johnstone F.C.
Erik Sørensen is affiliated to Boldklubben 1913
Erik Sørensen is affiliated to FC Svendborg
Erik Sørensen is affiliated to Denmark national football team
Erik Sørensen is affiliated to Greenock Morton F.C.
Erik Sørensen is affiliated to Rangers F.C.
Erik Sørensen is affiliated to Denmark national under-21 football team
Erik Sørensen is affiliated to Odense Boldklub
Erik Sørensen is affiliated to Denmark national under-19 football team
Erik Sørensen is affiliated to Vejle Boldklub
Erik Sørensen is affiliated to Boldklubben 1909
Jacques Glassmann is affiliated to FC Mulhouse
Jacques Glassmann is affiliated to Valenciennes F.C.
Jacques Glassmann is affiliated to Valenciennes FC
Jacques Glassmann is affiliated to Tours F.C.
Jacques Glassmann is affiliated to RC Strasbourg
Jacques Glassmann is affiliated to R.C. Strasbourg
Jacques Glassmann is affiliated to Tours FC
Jacques Glassmann is affiliated to France national football team
Jacques Glassmann is affiliated to Stade Lavallois
Jacques Glassmann is affiliated to ASPV Strasbourg
Harpo Marx created Horse Feathers
Harpo Marx created Duck Soup (1933 film)
Harpo Marx created Animal Crackers (film)
Harpo Marx created The Cocoanuts
Harpo Marx created A Day at the Races (film)
Harpo Marx created Monkey Business (1931 film)
Harpo Marx created The Big Store
Harpo Marx created Love Happy
Harpo Marx created At the Circus
Harpo Marx created Go West (1940 film)
Jeyhun Sultanov plays for Azerbaijan national football team
Jeyhun Sultanov plays for Sumgayit FK
Jeyhun Sultanov plays for Machine Sazi Dabiri Tabriz F.C.
Jeyhun Sultanov plays for Kapaz PFK
Jeyhun Sultanov plays for Gabala FK
Jeyhun Sultanov plays for Baku FC
Jeyhun Sultanov plays for Khazar Lankaran FK
Jeyhun Sultanov plays for Neftchi Baku PFK
Jeyhun Sultanov plays for AZAL PFK
Jeyhun Sultanov plays for Shafa Baku
Jason St Juste is affiliated to Garforth Town A.F.C.
Jason St Juste is affiliated to F.C. Halifax Town
Jason St Juste is affiliated to Chester F.C.
Jason St Juste is affiliated to Whitehawk F.C.
Jason St Juste is affiliated to Sandnes Ulf
Jason St Juste is affiliated to Bradford Park Avenue A.F.C.
Jason St Juste is affiliated to Darlington F.C.
Jason St Juste is affiliated to Southampton F.C.
Jason St Juste is affiliated to Bradford City A.F.C.
Jason St Juste is affiliated to Lincoln City F.C.
Jin Yong has gender male
Jin Yong has gender female
Jin Yong has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Jin Yong has gender wordnet chemical 114806838
Jin Yong has gender Independent (politician)
Jin Yong has gender César Award
Jin Yong has gender Turkey
Jin Yong has gender Erasmus Prize
Jin Yong has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Jin Yong has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Davy Jordan has gender male
Davy Jordan has gender female
Davy Jordan has gender Turkey
Davy Jordan has gender Azerbaijan
Davy Jordan has gender wordnet chemical 114806838
Davy Jordan has gender Paris
Davy Jordan has gender Golden Globe Award
Davy Jordan has gender Republican Party (United States)
Davy Jordan has gender wordnet plastic 114592610
Davy Jordan has gender Tomsk
Santiago Raymonda is affiliated to Boca Unidos
Santiago Raymonda is affiliated to Central Córdoba de Rosario
Santiago Raymonda is affiliated to Instituto Atlético Central Córdoba
Santiago Raymonda is affiliated to Quilmes Atlético Club
Santiago Raymonda is affiliated to Chacarita Juniors
Santiago Raymonda is affiliated to Club Atlético Banfield
Santiago Raymonda is affiliated to Arsenal de Sarandí
Santiago Raymonda is affiliated to Oriente Petrolero
Santiago Raymonda is affiliated to Argentinos Juniors
Santiago Raymonda is affiliated to Tiburones Rojos de Veracruz
"Lake County, California is located in United States"
"Lake County, California is located in California"
"Lake County, California is located in United Kingdom"
"Lake County, California is located in Canada"
"Lake County, California is located in India"
"Lake County, California is located in France"
"Lake County, California is located in Lake County, California"
"Lake County, California is located in Germany"
"Lake County, California is located in Indiana"
"Lake County, California is located in China"
István Pisont is affiliated to Bnei Yehuda Tel Aviv F.C.
István Pisont is affiliated to F.C. Ashdod
István Pisont is affiliated to Beitar Jerusalem F.C.
István Pisont is affiliated to Budapest Honvéd FC
István Pisont is affiliated to Hungary national football team
István Pisont is affiliated to MTK Budapest FC
István Pisont is affiliated to Hapoel Tel Aviv F.C.
István Pisont is affiliated to Eintracht Frankfurt
István Pisont is affiliated to R. Charleroi S.C.
István Pisont is affiliated to Maccabi Tel Aviv F.C.
Tom DeLonge has musical role wordnet cornet 103110669
Tom DeLonge has musical role wordnet bass 104986796
Tom DeLonge has musical role wordnet piano 103928116
Tom DeLonge has musical role wordnet guitar 103467517
Tom DeLonge has musical role wordnet vocal music 107282006
Tom DeLonge has musical role wordnet drum 103249569
Tom DeLonge has musical role wordnet keyboard 103614007
Tom DeLonge has musical role wordnet synthesist 110687231
Tom DeLonge has musical role wordnet harmonica 103494278
Tom DeLonge has musical role wordnet percussion 100545059
Leandro Teixeira Dantas plays for Fukushima United FC
Leandro Teixeira Dantas plays for Macaé Esporte Futebol Clube
Leandro Teixeira Dantas plays for Duque de Caxias Futebol Clube
Leandro Teixeira Dantas plays for America Football Club (RJ)
Leandro Teixeira Dantas plays for Fluminense FC
Leandro Teixeira Dantas plays for Vegalta Sendai
Leandro Teixeira Dantas plays for Boavista Sport Club
Leandro Teixeira Dantas plays for Oeste Futebol Clube
Leandro Teixeira Dantas plays for Volta Redonda Futebol Clube
Leandro Teixeira Dantas plays for CR Vasco da Gama
Niklas Backman has gender male
Niklas Backman has gender female
Niklas Backman has gender Tomsk
Niklas Backman has gender César Award
Niklas Backman has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Niklas Backman has gender United Kingdom
Niklas Backman has gender Golden Globe Award
Niklas Backman has gender Italy
Niklas Backman has gender London Heathrow Terminal 3
Niklas Backman has gender Azerbaijan
Balázs Sarus plays for Integrál-DAC
Balázs Sarus plays for Balmazújvárosi FC
Balázs Sarus plays for Gyirmót SE
Balázs Sarus plays for Nyíregyháza Spartacus FC
Balázs Sarus plays for Lombard-Pápa TFC
Balázs Sarus plays for Győri ETO FC
Balázs Sarus plays for Kecskeméti TE
Balázs Sarus plays for Szombathelyi Haladás
Balázs Sarus plays for Diósgyőri VTK
Balázs Sarus plays for Pécsi MFC
Yuji Nakazawa plays for Tokyo Verdy
Yuji Nakazawa plays for América Futebol Clube (MG)
Yuji Nakazawa plays for Japan national football team
Yuji Nakazawa plays for Yokohama F. Marinos
Yuji Nakazawa plays for Shimizu S-Pulse
Yuji Nakazawa plays for Vissel Kobe
Yuji Nakazawa plays for Kashima Antlers
Yuji Nakazawa plays for Cruzeiro Esporte Clube
Yuji Nakazawa plays for Júbilo Iwata
Yuji Nakazawa plays for Vegalta Sendai
Gábor Bardi is affiliated to Újpest FC
Gábor Bardi is affiliated to Hungary national football team
Gábor Bardi is affiliated to APOP Kinyras FC
Gábor Bardi is affiliated to AEP Paphos F.C.
Gábor Bardi is affiliated to Zalaegerszegi TE
Gábor Bardi is affiliated to FC Lahti
Gábor Bardi is affiliated to Ferencvárosi TC
Gábor Bardi is affiliated to Vasas SC
Gábor Bardi is affiliated to Hungary national under-21 football team
Gábor Bardi is affiliated to Győri ETO FC
Willamis de Souza Silva plays for Associação Atlética Portuguesa (Santos)
Willamis de Souza Silva plays for Grêmio Foot-Ball Porto Alegrense
Willamis de Souza Silva plays for Esporte Clube Cruzeiro
Willamis de Souza Silva plays for Centro Sportivo Alagoano
Willamis de Souza Silva plays for Botafogo de Futebol e Regatas
Willamis de Souza Silva plays for Fluminense FC
Willamis de Souza Silva plays for São Paulo FC
Willamis de Souza Silva plays for Guarani Futebol Clube
Willamis de Souza Silva plays for Associação Portuguesa de Desportos
Willamis de Souza Silva plays for Club Libertad
Artur Wichniarek plays for Lech Poznań
Artur Wichniarek plays for Widzew Łódź
Artur Wichniarek plays for Poland national football team
Artur Wichniarek plays for Arminia Bielefeld
Artur Wichniarek plays for Górnik Konin
Artur Wichniarek plays for Hertha BSC
Artur Wichniarek plays for FC Ingolstadt 04
Artur Wichniarek plays for Warta Poznań
Artur Wichniarek plays for Amica Wronki
Artur Wichniarek plays for Legia Warsaw
Felipe Jorge Loureiro plays for Al Sadd SC
Felipe Jorge Loureiro plays for Brazil national football team
Felipe Jorge Loureiro plays for Brazil national under-23 football team
Felipe Jorge Loureiro plays for CR Vasco da Gama
Felipe Jorge Loureiro plays for Fluminense FC
Felipe Jorge Loureiro plays for Clube de Regatas do Flamengo
Felipe Jorge Loureiro plays for Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras
Felipe Jorge Loureiro plays for Galatasaray S.K. (football)
Felipe Jorge Loureiro plays for Al-Sadd S.C.
Felipe Jorge Loureiro plays for Clube Atlético Mineiro
Hubert Fournier has gender male
Hubert Fournier has gender female
Hubert Fournier has gender United Kingdom
Hubert Fournier has gender Tomsk
Hubert Fournier has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Hubert Fournier has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Hubert Fournier has gender Turkey
Hubert Fournier has gender Azerbaijan
Hubert Fournier has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Hubert Fournier has gender Hong Kong
Sean Franklin is affiliated to San Fernando Valley Quakes
Sean Franklin is affiliated to LA Galaxy
Sean Franklin is affiliated to Los Angeles Galaxy
Sean Franklin is affiliated to United States men's national under-23 soccer team
"Sean Franklin is affiliated to California State University, Northridge"
Sean Franklin is affiliated to D.C. United
Sean Franklin is affiliated to United States men's national under-20 soccer team
Sean Franklin is affiliated to United States national soccer team
Sean Franklin is affiliated to United States men's national soccer team
Sean Franklin is affiliated to UCLA Bruins
Achille Emaná is affiliated to Al Wasl FC
Achille Emaná is affiliated to Al Ahli Club (Dubai)
Achille Emaná is affiliated to Al-Hilal FC
Achille Emaná is affiliated to Toulouse FC
Achille Emaná is affiliated to Valencia CF
Achille Emaná is affiliated to Cruz Azul
Achille Emaná is affiliated to Cameroon national football team
Achille Emaná is affiliated to Real Betis
Achille Emaná is affiliated to Toulouse F.C.
Achille Emaná is affiliated to Al-Wasl
Igor Grkajac was born in Belgrade
Igor Grkajac was born in Kraljevo
Igor Grkajac was born in Kruševac
Igor Grkajac was born in Sarajevo
Igor Grkajac was born in Pristina
Igor Grkajac was born in Niš
"Igor Grkajac was born in Mitrovica, Kosovo"
Igor Grkajac was born in Prizren
Igor Grkajac was born in Lagos
Igor Grkajac was born in Novi Sad
Derek McWilliams plays for Broxburn Athletic F.C.
Derek McWilliams plays for Clydebank F.C.
Derek McWilliams plays for Falkirk F.C.
Derek McWilliams plays for East Stirlingshire F.C.
Derek McWilliams plays for Partick Thistle F.C.
Derek McWilliams plays for Dunfermline Athletic F.C.
Derek McWilliams plays for Hibernian F.C.
Derek McWilliams plays for Stirling Albion F.C.
Derek McWilliams plays for Dundee F.C.
Derek McWilliams plays for Airdrieonians F.C. (1878)
Abdikokhor Marifaliev is affiliated to FC Dustlik
Abdikokhor Marifaliev is affiliated to Lokomotiv Tashkent FK
Abdikokhor Marifaliev is affiliated to Pakhtakor Tashkent FK
Abdikokhor Marifaliev is affiliated to FC Kyzylzhar
Abdikokhor Marifaliev is affiliated to Navbahor Namangan
Abdikokhor Marifaliev is affiliated to PAOK FC
Abdikokhor Marifaliev is affiliated to Uzbekistan national football team
Abdikokhor Marifaliev is affiliated to P.A.O.K. Thessaloniki F.C.
Abdikokhor Marifaliev is affiliated to F.C. Pakhtakor Tashkent
Abdikokhor Marifaliev is affiliated to FC Shurtan Guzar
William Robb (footballer born 1895) is affiliated to Vale of Leven F.C.
William Robb (footballer born 1895) is affiliated to Armadale F.C.
William Robb (footballer born 1895) is affiliated to Third Lanark A.C.
William Robb (footballer born 1895) is affiliated to Scottish Football League XI
William Robb (footballer born 1895) is affiliated to Scotland national football team
William Robb (footballer born 1895) is affiliated to Royal Albert F.C.
William Robb (footballer born 1895) is affiliated to Guildford City F.C.
William Robb (footballer born 1895) is affiliated to Rangers F.C.
William Robb (footballer born 1895) is affiliated to Hibernian F.C.
William Robb (footballer born 1895) is affiliated to Aldershot F.C.
"Calistoga, California is located in Napa County, California"
"Calistoga, California is located in San Francisco Bay Area"
"Calistoga, California is located in California"
"Calistoga, California is located in United States"
"Calistoga, California is located in Contra Costa County, California"
"Calistoga, California is located in Santa Clara County, California"
"Calistoga, California is located in San Mateo County, California"
"Calistoga, California is located in Marin County, California"
"Calistoga, California is located in Sonoma County, California"
"Calistoga, California is located in Los Angeles County, California"
Daniel Moreira is affiliated to Valenciennes FC
Daniel Moreira is affiliated to Toulouse FC
Daniel Moreira is affiliated to US Boulogne
Daniel Moreira is affiliated to Valenciennes F.C.
Daniel Moreira is affiliated to Grenoble Foot 38
Daniel Moreira is affiliated to En Avant de Guingamp
Daniel Moreira is affiliated to Toulouse F.C.
Daniel Moreira is affiliated to Stade Rennais F.C.
Daniel Moreira is affiliated to RC Lens
Daniel Moreira is affiliated to R.C. Lens
Logan Bailly is affiliated to Belgium national football team
Logan Bailly is affiliated to Belgium national under-21 football team
Logan Bailly is affiliated to Belgium national under-19 football team
Logan Bailly is affiliated to K.R.C. Genk
Logan Bailly is affiliated to Oud-Heverlee Leuven
Logan Bailly is affiliated to K. Beringen-Heusden-Zolder
Logan Bailly is affiliated to Belgium national under-18 football team
Logan Bailly is affiliated to Standard Liège
Logan Bailly is affiliated to Belgium national under-17 football team
Logan Bailly is affiliated to R.F.C. Tilleur-Saint-Nicolas
Bryan Roy is affiliated to A.F.C. Ajax
Bryan Roy is affiliated to AFC Ajax
Bryan Roy is affiliated to NAC Breda
Bryan Roy is affiliated to Blauw-Wit Amsterdam
Bryan Roy is affiliated to Netherlands national football team
Bryan Roy is affiliated to Hertha BSC
Bryan Roy is affiliated to A.C.D. Foggia Calcio
Bryan Roy is affiliated to Nottingham Forest F.C.
Bryan Roy is affiliated to Foggia Calcio
Bryan Roy is affiliated to Feyenoord
Miklós Gaál is affiliated to Pécsi MFC
Miklós Gaál is affiliated to Szombathelyi Haladás
Miklós Gaál is affiliated to Újpest FC
Miklós Gaál is affiliated to Zalaegerszegi TE
Miklós Gaál is affiliated to HNK Hajduk Split
Miklós Gaál is affiliated to FC Amkar Perm
Miklós Gaál is affiliated to FC Volga Nizhny Novgorod
Miklós Gaál is affiliated to PFC Slavia Sofia
Miklós Gaál is affiliated to H.N.K. Hajduk Split
Miklós Gaál is affiliated to C.S. Marítimo
Mirza Bzhalava plays for FC Ameri Tbilisi
Mirza Bzhalava plays for FC Zestafoni
Mirza Bzhalava plays for SC Austria Lustenau
Mirza Bzhalava plays for SC Bregenz
Mirza Bzhalava plays for Georgia national football team
Mirza Bzhalava plays for FC Dinamo Tbilisi
Mirza Bzhalava plays for FC Metalurgi Rustavi
Mirza Bzhalava plays for Georgia national under-21 football team
Mirza Bzhalava plays for FC Lokomotivi Tbilisi
Mirza Bzhalava plays for SC Rheindorf Altach
Jon Otsemobor is affiliated to Milton Keynes Dons F.C.
Jon Otsemobor is affiliated to Sheffield Wednesday F.C.
Jon Otsemobor is affiliated to Liverpool F.C.
Jon Otsemobor is affiliated to Hull City A.F.C.
Jon Otsemobor is affiliated to Rotherham United F.C.
Jon Otsemobor is affiliated to Crewe Alexandra F.C.
Jon Otsemobor is affiliated to Bolton Wanderers F.C.
Jon Otsemobor is affiliated to Southampton F.C.
Jon Otsemobor is affiliated to Norwich City F.C.
Jon Otsemobor is affiliated to Tranmere Rovers F.C.
Erving Goffman has gender male
Erving Goffman has gender female
Erving Goffman has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Erving Goffman has gender United Kingdom
Erving Goffman has gender Turkey
Erving Goffman has gender Hong Kong
Erving Goffman has gender Azerbaijan
Erving Goffman has gender Africa
Erving Goffman has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Erving Goffman has gender Independent (politician)
Rocky Siberie has gender male
Rocky Siberie has gender female
Rocky Siberie has gender United Kingdom
Rocky Siberie has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Rocky Siberie has gender wordnet chemical 114806838
Rocky Siberie has gender Republican Party (United States)
Rocky Siberie has gender London
Rocky Siberie has gender Azerbaijan
Rocky Siberie has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Rocky Siberie has gender United States
Elidiano Marques Lima plays for Social Futebol Clube
Elidiano Marques Lima plays for PFC Montana
Elidiano Marques Lima plays for PFC Pirin Gotse Delchev
Elidiano Marques Lima plays for FC Etar 1924 Veliko Tarnovo
Elidiano Marques Lima plays for PFC Belasitsa Petrich
Elidiano Marques Lima plays for PFC Lokomotiv Plovdiv
Elidiano Marques Lima plays for PFC Svetkavitsa
Elidiano Marques Lima plays for PFC Cherno More Varna
Elidiano Marques Lima plays for PFC Slavia Sofia
Elidiano Marques Lima plays for PFC CSKA Sofia
"Linden, New Jersey is located in Union County (New Jersey)"
"Linden, New Jersey is located in New Jersey"
"Linden, New Jersey is located in United States"
"Linden, New Jersey is located in Union County, New Jersey"
"Linden, New Jersey is located in United Kingdom"
"Linden, New Jersey is located in California"
"Linden, New Jersey is located in England"
"Linden, New Jersey is located in France"
"Linden, New Jersey is located in Canada"
"Linden, New Jersey is located in Europe"
Ilie Balaci has gender male
Ilie Balaci has gender female
Ilie Balaci has gender Tomsk
Ilie Balaci has gender Azerbaijan
Ilie Balaci has gender Democratic Party (United States)
Ilie Balaci has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Ilie Balaci has gender Hong Kong
Ilie Balaci has gender César Award
Ilie Balaci has gender United Kingdom
Ilie Balaci has gender Golden Globe Award
Huey Lewis has gender male
Huey Lewis has gender female
Huey Lewis has gender United Kingdom
Huey Lewis has gender Golden Globe Award
Huey Lewis has gender Erasmus Prize
Huey Lewis has gender Turkey
Huey Lewis has gender Azerbaijan
Huey Lewis has gender César Award
Huey Lewis has gender United Arab Emirates
Huey Lewis has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Zdeněk Nehoda is affiliated to FC Fastav Zlín
Zdeněk Nehoda is affiliated to Dukla Prague
Zdeněk Nehoda is affiliated to Grenoble Foot 38
Zdeněk Nehoda is affiliated to SV Darmstadt 98
Zdeněk Nehoda is affiliated to Standard Liège
Zdeněk Nehoda is affiliated to Czechoslovakia national football team
Zdeněk Nehoda is affiliated to AC Sparta Prague
Zdeněk Nehoda is affiliated to Czech Republic national football team
Zdeněk Nehoda is affiliated to SK Slavia Prague
Zdeněk Nehoda is affiliated to FC Baník Ostrava
Rashin Wurie plays for 1. FC Lok Stendal
Rashin Wurie plays for K. Beerschot V.A.C.
Rashin Wurie plays for Sierra Leone national football team
Rashin Wurie plays for K. Boom F.C.
Rashin Wurie plays for R.A.E.C. Mons
Rashin Wurie plays for Eintracht Braunschweig
Rashin Wurie plays for Beerschot AC
Rashin Wurie plays for Standard Liège
Rashin Wurie plays for K.S.K. Beveren
Rashin Wurie plays for RWDM Brussels FC
Ahmad Belal plays for Al-Naft
Ahmad Belal plays for ENPPI Club
Ahmad Belal plays for Egypt national football team
Ahmad Belal plays for Al-Wehdat SC
Ahmad Belal plays for Al Ahly SC
Ahmad Belal plays for Torku Konyaspor
Ahmad Belal plays for MKE Ankaragücü
Ahmad Belal plays for Smouha Sporting Club
Ahmad Belal plays for Zamalek SC
Ahmad Belal plays for Al-Masry SC
George Field (actor) died in San Francisco
George Field (actor) died in Los Angeles
George Field (actor) died in New York City
"George Field (actor) died in Santa Monica, California"
"George Field (actor) died in Beverly Hills, California"
George Field (actor) died in London
George Field (actor) died in Paris
"George Field (actor) died in Burbank, California"
"George Field (actor) died in Berkeley, California"
"George Field (actor) died in Washington, D.C."
John Waters directed Female Trouble
John Waters directed Polyester (film)
John Waters directed Hairspray (1988 film)
John Waters directed Pecker (film)
John Waters directed Cry-Baby
John Waters directed Cecil B. Demented
John Waters directed A Dirty Shame
John Waters directed Multiple Maniacs
John Waters directed Arizona Dream
John Waters directed John Waters
Oleksiy Horodov plays for FC Khimik Sieverodonetsk
Oleksiy Horodov plays for FC CSKA Kyiv
Oleksiy Horodov plays for FC Spartak Ivano-Frankivsk
Oleksiy Horodov plays for PFC Oleksandriya
Oleksiy Horodov plays for FC Borysfen Boryspil
Oleksiy Horodov plays for FC Illichivets Mariupol
Oleksiy Horodov plays for PFC Nyva Vinnytsia
Oleksiy Horodov plays for FC Zorya Luhansk
Oleksiy Horodov plays for pl/CSKA-2 Kijów
Oleksiy Horodov plays for FC Kharkiv
Fouad Brighache is affiliated to VfR Neumünster
Fouad Brighache is affiliated to 1. FC Eschborn
Fouad Brighache is affiliated to TuS Koblenz
Fouad Brighache is affiliated to Kickers Offenbach
Fouad Brighache is affiliated to SV Eintracht Trier 05
Fouad Brighache is affiliated to SV Darmstadt 98
Fouad Brighache is affiliated to Eintracht Frankfurt
Fouad Brighache is affiliated to FSV Frankfurt
Fouad Brighache is affiliated to Eintracht Frankfurt II
Fouad Brighache is affiliated to SV Wehen Wiesbaden
Ko Kyung-joon plays for Yesan FC
Ko Kyung-joon plays for Ulsan Hyundai Mipo Dolphin FC
Ko Kyung-joon plays for Gyeongnam FC
Ko Kyung-joon plays for Suwon Samsung Bluewings
Ko Kyung-joon plays for South China AA
Ko Kyung-joon plays for Jeonnam Dragons
Ko Kyung-joon plays for Busan IPark
Ko Kyung-joon plays for Seongnam FC
Ko Kyung-joon plays for South China Athletic Association
Ko Kyung-joon plays for Gwangju Sangmu FC
Robert Townsend (actor) has gender male
Robert Townsend (actor) has gender female
Robert Townsend (actor) has gender United Kingdom
Robert Townsend (actor) has gender Azerbaijan
Robert Townsend (actor) has gender United Arab Emirates
Robert Townsend (actor) has gender Turkey
Robert Townsend (actor) has gender English language
Robert Townsend (actor) has gender Golden Globe Award
Robert Townsend (actor) has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Robert Townsend (actor) has gender London
Sébastien Pocognoli is affiliated to Belgium national under-21 football team
Sébastien Pocognoli is affiliated to Belgium national under-17 football team
Sébastien Pocognoli is affiliated to Belgium national under-19 football team
Sébastien Pocognoli is affiliated to K.R.C. Genk
Sébastien Pocognoli is affiliated to AZ Alkmaar
Sébastien Pocognoli is affiliated to Belgium national football team
Sébastien Pocognoli is affiliated to A.Z. Alkmaar
Sébastien Pocognoli is affiliated to R.F.C. Seraing
Sébastien Pocognoli is affiliated to Hannover 96
Sébastien Pocognoli is affiliated to Standard Liège
Fabio Rossitto has gender male
Fabio Rossitto has gender female
Fabio Rossitto has gender United Kingdom
Fabio Rossitto has gender London
Fabio Rossitto has gender Azerbaijan
Fabio Rossitto has gender France
Fabio Rossitto has gender Turkey
Fabio Rossitto has gender Qatar
Fabio Rossitto has gender Germany
Fabio Rossitto has gender United States
Eric Odhiambo was born in London
Eric Odhiambo was born in Leicester
Eric Odhiambo was born in Glasgow
Eric Odhiambo was born in Birmingham
Eric Odhiambo was born in Dublin
Eric Odhiambo was born in Edinburgh
Eric Odhiambo was born in Inverness
Eric Odhiambo was born in Dundee
Eric Odhiambo was born in Aberdeen
Eric Odhiambo was born in Oxford
Hector Sam is affiliated to Central FC
Hector Sam is affiliated to St. Ann's Rangers F.C.
Hector Sam is affiliated to San Juan Jabloteh F.C.
Hector Sam is affiliated to Wrexham F.C.
Hector Sam is affiliated to Walsall F.C.
Hector Sam is affiliated to Port Vale F.C.
Hector Sam is affiliated to Notts County F.C.
Hector Sam is affiliated to Defence Force F.C.
Hector Sam is affiliated to W Connection F.C.
Hector Sam is affiliated to North East Stars F.C.
Igors Korabļovs is affiliated to Latvia national football team
Igors Korabļovs is affiliated to FB Gulbene
Igors Korabļovs is affiliated to JFK Olimps
Igors Korabļovs is affiliated to Torpedo Rīga
Igors Korabļovs is affiliated to FK Daugava (2003)
Igors Korabļovs is affiliated to FK Rīga
Igors Korabļovs is affiliated to FK Ventspils
Igors Korabļovs is affiliated to FK Rīgas Futbola skola
Igors Korabļovs is affiliated to FC Kryvbas Kryvyi Rih
Igors Korabļovs is affiliated to Skonto FC
Thomas Prager was born in Vienna
Thomas Prager was born in Linz
Thomas Prager was born in Graz
Thomas Prager was born in Wiener Neustadt
Thomas Prager was born in Baden bei Wien
Thomas Prager was born in Wels
Thomas Prager was born in Salzburg
Thomas Prager was born in Eisenstadt
Thomas Prager was born in Leoben
Thomas Prager was born in Sarajevo
Édison Méndez plays for Santos Laguna
Édison Méndez plays for Club Deportivo El Nacional
Édison Méndez plays for LDU Quito
Édison Méndez plays for Ecuador national football team
Édison Méndez plays for Club Sport Emelec
Édison Méndez plays for Deportivo Quito
Édison Méndez plays for PSV Eindhoven
Édison Méndez plays for Clube Atlético Mineiro
Édison Méndez plays for Independiente Santa Fe
Édison Méndez plays for Club Santos Laguna
Alyaksey Pankavets plays for FC Ataka Minsk
Alyaksey Pankavets plays for FC Minsk
Alyaksey Pankavets plays for FC Minsk-2
Alyaksey Pankavets plays for Belarus national football team
Alyaksey Pankavets plays for FC Kommunalnik Slonim
Alyaksey Pankavets plays for FC Torpedo Minsk
Alyaksey Pankavets plays for FC Torpedo-BelAZ Zhodino
Alyaksey Pankavets plays for FC Gomel
Alyaksey Pankavets plays for FC Dinamo Minsk
Alyaksey Pankavets plays for FC Dinamo Brest
Tunisia exports wordnet fabric 103309808
Tunisia exports wordnet chemical 114806838
Tunisia exports wordnet petroleum 114980579
Tunisia exports wordnet foodstuff 107566340
Tunisia exports wordnet fish 102512053
Tunisia exports wordnet clothing 103051540
Tunisia exports wordnet machinery 103701640
Tunisia exports wordnet cotton 114870078
Tunisia exports wordnet fuel 114875077
Tunisia exports wordnet natural gas 114960090
Ivan Đoković is affiliated to FK Polet Ljubić
Ivan Đoković is affiliated to FK Novi Pazar
Ivan Đoković is affiliated to FK Borac Čačak
Ivan Đoković is affiliated to FC UTA Arad
Ivan Đoković is affiliated to MFK Košice
Ivan Đoković is affiliated to FK Remont Čačak
Ivan Đoković is affiliated to FK Metalac
Ivan Đoković is affiliated to FK Kolubara
Ivan Đoković is affiliated to FK Sloboda Užice
Ivan Đoković is affiliated to FK Hajduk Kula
Brno-Country District is located in South Moravian Region
Brno-Country District is located in South Moravia
Brno-Country District is located in Czech Republic
Brno-Country District is located in Brno-Country District
Brno-Country District is located in Moravia
Brno-Country District is located in Brno
Brno-Country District is located in Ivančice
Brno-Country District is located in United States
Brno-Country District is located in Europe
Brno-Country District is located in Pardubice Region
Martin Fenin plays for Czech Republic national under-17 football team
Martin Fenin plays for Czech Republic national under-19 football team
Martin Fenin plays for FK Teplice
Martin Fenin plays for SK Slavia Prague
Martin Fenin plays for FC Energie Cottbus
Martin Fenin plays for Czech Republic national under-21 football team
Martin Fenin plays for Czech Republic national football team
Martin Fenin plays for Eintracht Frankfurt
Martin Fenin plays for Czech Republic national under-18 football team
Martin Fenin plays for AC Sparta Prague
Stuart Gillard created Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (film series)
Stuart Gillard created Twitches (film)
Stuart Gillard created RocketMan
Stuart Gillard created Hatching Pete
Stuart Gillard created Run Ronnie Run
Stuart Gillard created House Party 2
Stuart Gillard created Stuart Gillard
Stuart Gillard created Tiny Toon Adventures
Stuart Gillard created Hanna-Barbera
Stuart Gillard created Vanishing Son
Steven Hunter was born in Philadelphia
Steven Hunter was born in Chicago
Steven Hunter was born in New York City
Steven Hunter was born in Los Angeles
"Steven Hunter was born in Memphis, Tennessee"
"Steven Hunter was born in Washington, D.C."
"Steven Hunter was born in Oakland, California"
Steven Hunter was born in Houston
Steven Hunter was born in Detroit
"Steven Hunter was born in Tulsa, Oklahoma"
Fernando Henrique Mariano plays for Esporte Clube Santo André
Fernando Henrique Mariano plays for Sport Club Internacional
Fernando Henrique Mariano plays for Avispa Fukuoka
Fernando Henrique Mariano plays for Associação Portuguesa de Desportos
Fernando Henrique Mariano plays for Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras
Fernando Henrique Mariano plays for Botafogo de Futebol e Regatas
Fernando Henrique Mariano plays for Esporte Clube Juventude
Fernando Henrique Mariano plays for Guarani Futebol Clube
Fernando Henrique Mariano plays for Mogi Mirim Esporte Clube
Fernando Henrique Mariano plays for E.C. Juventude
Derek Abbott graduated from Loughborough University
Derek Abbott graduated from University of Adelaide
Derek Abbott graduated from University of Cambridge
Derek Abbott graduated from University of Oxford
Derek Abbott graduated from University of Edinburgh
"Derek Abbott graduated from Trinity College, Cambridge"
Derek Abbott graduated from Imperial College London
Derek Abbott graduated from University of Bristol
Derek Abbott graduated from University of Melbourne
Derek Abbott graduated from King's College London
Gerd Zimmermann (footballer) plays for 1. FC Union Solingen
Gerd Zimmermann (footballer) plays for SC Fortuna Köln
Gerd Zimmermann (footballer) plays for Fortuna Düsseldorf
Gerd Zimmermann (footballer) plays for Borussia Mönchengladbach
Gerd Zimmermann (footballer) plays for Calgary Boomers
Gerd Zimmermann (footballer) plays for de/SG Union Solingen
Gerd Zimmermann (footballer) plays for Bayer 04 Leverkusen
Gerd Zimmermann (footballer) plays for Borussia Mönchengladbach II
Gerd Zimmermann (footballer) plays for Germany national football team
Gerd Zimmermann (footballer) plays for FC Schalke 04
Manzoor Ahmad graduated from University of London
"Manzoor Ahmad graduated from University of the Punjab, Lahore"
Manzoor Ahmad graduated from University of Cambridge
Manzoor Ahmad graduated from University of Karachi
Manzoor Ahmad graduated from University of Oxford
"Manzoor Ahmad graduated from Government College University, Lahore"
Manzoor Ahmad graduated from University College London
Manzoor Ahmad graduated from Harvard University
Manzoor Ahmad graduated from Columbia University
Manzoor Ahmad graduated from Aligarh Muslim University
Josh Hansen is affiliated to California Victory
Josh Hansen is affiliated to Southern California Seahorses
Josh Hansen is affiliated to Puerto Rico Islanders
Josh Hansen is affiliated to Seattle Sounders (1994–2008)
Josh Hansen is affiliated to Puerto Rico national football team
Josh Hansen is affiliated to Vancouver Whitecaps (1986–2010)
Josh Hansen is affiliated to LA Galaxy
Josh Hansen is affiliated to Portland Timbers (2001–10)
Josh Hansen is affiliated to Seattle Sounders FC
Josh Hansen is affiliated to Los Angeles Galaxy
Frank Stallone has gender male
Frank Stallone has gender female
Frank Stallone has gender United Kingdom
Frank Stallone has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Frank Stallone has gender Panama
Frank Stallone has gender Azerbaijan
Frank Stallone has gender Brazil
Frank Stallone has gender English language
Frank Stallone has gender Erasmus Prize
Frank Stallone has gender France
Nikolas Besagno plays for Washington Crossfire
Nikolas Besagno plays for Kitsap Pumas
Nikolas Besagno plays for Seattle Sounders FC U-23
Nikolas Besagno plays for Seattle Sounders (1994–2008)
Nikolas Besagno plays for United States men's national under-17 soccer team
Nikolas Besagno plays for Real Salt Lake
Nikolas Besagno plays for United States men's national under-20 soccer team
Nikolas Besagno plays for Portland Timbers (2001–10)
Nikolas Besagno plays for San Jose Earthquakes
Nikolas Besagno plays for United States men's national soccer team
Pablo Zeballos is affiliated to Paraguay national football team
Pablo Zeballos is affiliated to Club Sol de América
Pablo Zeballos is affiliated to Club Olimpia
Pablo Zeballos is affiliated to Cerro Porteño
Pablo Zeballos is affiliated to Oriente Petrolero
Pablo Zeballos is affiliated to Cruz Azul
Pablo Zeballos is affiliated to FC Krylia Sovetov Samara
Pablo Zeballos is affiliated to Botafogo de Futebol e Regatas
Pablo Zeballos is affiliated to Club Sport Emelec
Pablo Zeballos is affiliated to Club Libertad
Mark Falco is affiliated to Watford F.C.
Mark Falco is affiliated to Chelsea F.C.
Mark Falco is affiliated to Tottenham Hotspur F.C.
Mark Falco is affiliated to Queens Park Rangers F.C.
Mark Falco is affiliated to Rangers F.C.
Mark Falco is affiliated to Millwall F.C.
Mark Falco is affiliated to England national under-21 football team
Mark Falco is affiliated to Scotland national football team
Mark Falco is affiliated to Charlton Athletic F.C.
Mark Falco is affiliated to England national football team
Tony Cousins is affiliated to Bohemian F.C.
Tony Cousins is affiliated to Republic of Ireland national under-21 football team
Tony Cousins is affiliated to Republic of Ireland national under-19 football team
Tony Cousins is affiliated to Dundalk F.C.
Tony Cousins is affiliated to League of Ireland XI
Tony Cousins is affiliated to Bray Wanderers A.F.C.
Tony Cousins is affiliated to Shamrock Rovers F.C.
Tony Cousins is affiliated to Liverpool F.C.
Tony Cousins is affiliated to Longford Town F.C.
Tony Cousins is affiliated to Middlesbrough F.C.
Kostas Mendrinos is affiliated to Platanias F.C.
Kostas Mendrinos is affiliated to Atromitos F.C.
Kostas Mendrinos is affiliated to Panachaiki G.E.
Kostas Mendrinos is affiliated to PAS Giannina F.C.
Kostas Mendrinos is affiliated to Ionikos F.C.
Kostas Mendrinos is affiliated to Panionios G.S.S.
Kostas Mendrinos is affiliated to Aris F.C. (Thessaloniki)
Kostas Mendrinos is affiliated to Greece national under-21 football team
Kostas Mendrinos is affiliated to Olympiacos F.C.
Kostas Mendrinos is affiliated to Greece national football team
Andy Milner plays for Morecambe F.C.
Andy Milner plays for Northwich Victoria F.C.
Andy Milner plays for Chester City F.C.
Andy Milner plays for Rochdale A.F.C.
Andy Milner plays for Manchester City F.C.
Andy Milner plays for Hereford United F.C.
Andy Milner plays for Kendal Town F.C.
Andy Milner plays for Stockport County F.C.
Andy Milner plays for Southport F.C.
Andy Milner plays for Blackpool F.C.
Kupono Low is affiliated to Syracuse Salty Dogs
Kupono Low is affiliated to Puerto Rico national football team
Kupono Low is affiliated to Virginia Beach Mariners
Kupono Low is affiliated to Carolina RailHawks
Kupono Low is affiliated to Sligo Rovers F.C.
Kupono Low is affiliated to California Cougars
Kupono Low is affiliated to Rochester Rhinos
Kupono Low is affiliated to Puerto Rico Islanders
Kupono Low is affiliated to Portland Timbers (2001–10)
Kupono Low is affiliated to Wilmington Hammerheads FC
Beslan Adzhindzhal is affiliated to FC Druzhba Maykop
Beslan Adzhindzhal is affiliated to FC Dinamo Occupied Sukhumi
Beslan Adzhindzhal is affiliated to FC Moscow
Beslan Adzhindzhal is affiliated to FC Baltika Kaliningrad
Beslan Adzhindzhal is affiliated to FC Luch-Energiya Vladivostok
Beslan Adzhindzhal is affiliated to FC Kuban Krasnodar
Beslan Adzhindzhal is affiliated to FC Shinnik Yaroslavl
Beslan Adzhindzhal is affiliated to FC Torpedo Moscow
Beslan Adzhindzhal is affiliated to FC Sokol Saratov
Beslan Adzhindzhal is affiliated to FC Tom Tomsk
Wolfgang Fahrian is affiliated to Oberliga (football)
Wolfgang Fahrian is affiliated to SSV Ulm 1846
Wolfgang Fahrian is affiliated to Fortuna Düsseldorf
Wolfgang Fahrian is affiliated to SC Fortuna Köln
Wolfgang Fahrian is affiliated to TSV 1860 München
Wolfgang Fahrian is affiliated to Hertha BSC
Wolfgang Fahrian is affiliated to Germany national football team
Wolfgang Fahrian is affiliated to Bayer 04 Leverkusen
Wolfgang Fahrian is affiliated to VfB Stuttgart
Wolfgang Fahrian is affiliated to Tennis Borussia Berlin
Richard Morales is affiliated to Uruguay national football team
Richard Morales is affiliated to C.A. Progreso
Richard Morales is affiliated to Club Nacional de Football
Richard Morales is affiliated to CA Osasuna
Richard Morales is affiliated to Málaga CF
Richard Morales is affiliated to Basáñez
Richard Morales is affiliated to Centro Atlético Fénix
Richard Morales is affiliated to C.A. Osasuna
Richard Morales is affiliated to Málaga C.F.
Richard Morales is affiliated to LDU Quito
Leonīds Ostrovskis plays for FK Rīgas Futbola skola
Leonīds Ostrovskis plays for FC Torpedo Moscow
Leonīds Ostrovskis plays for FC Dynamo Kyiv
Leonīds Ostrovskis plays for Soviet Union national football team
Leonīds Ostrovskis plays for FC Mashuk-KMV Pyatigorsk
Leonīds Ostrovskis plays for F.C. Dynamo Kyiv
Leonīds Ostrovskis plays for PFC CSKA Moscow
Leonīds Ostrovskis plays for Latvia national football team
Leonīds Ostrovskis plays for FC Spartak Moscow
Leonīds Ostrovskis plays for FK Daugava (2003)
Félix Loustau has gender male
Félix Loustau has gender female
Félix Loustau has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Félix Loustau has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Félix Loustau has gender Tomsk
Félix Loustau has gender wordnet chemical 114806838
Félix Loustau has gender wordnet machinery 103701640
Félix Loustau has gender Golden Globe Award
Félix Loustau has gender London Heathrow Terminal 3
Félix Loustau has gender London
Gökhan Keskin is affiliated to İstanbulspor A.Ş.
Gökhan Keskin is affiliated to Turkey national football team
Gökhan Keskin is affiliated to Ankaraspor A.Ş.
Gökhan Keskin is affiliated to Beşiktaş J.K.
Gökhan Keskin is affiliated to Gaziantepspor
Gökhan Keskin is affiliated to MKE Ankaragücü
Gökhan Keskin is affiliated to Turkey national under-21 football team
Gökhan Keskin is affiliated to Gençlerbirliği S.K.
Gökhan Keskin is affiliated to Fenerbahçe S.K. (football)
Gökhan Keskin is affiliated to Trabzonspor
Danny Adams was born in Manchester
Danny Adams was born in Huddersfield
Danny Adams was born in Liverpool
Danny Adams was born in Sheffield
"Danny Adams was born in Preston, Lancashire"
Danny Adams was born in Bradford
Danny Adams was born in Leeds
"Danny Adams was born in Salford, Greater Manchester"
Danny Adams was born in Warrington
Danny Adams was born in City of Salford
Ivanjica is located in Stari Vlah
Ivanjica is located in Central Serbia
Ivanjica is located in Serbia
Ivanjica is located in Moravica District
Ivanjica is located in Ivanjica
Ivanjica is located in Zlatibor District
Ivanjica is located in Šumadija
Ivanjica is located in Europe
Ivanjica is located in United States
Ivanjica is located in Raška (region)
Léonard Kweuke plays for Steel Azin F.C.
Léonard Kweuke plays for Cameroon national football team
Léonard Kweuke plays for Esteghlal F.C.
Léonard Kweuke plays for Çaykur Rizespor
Léonard Kweuke plays for Eintracht Frankfurt
Léonard Kweuke plays for AC Sparta Prague
Léonard Kweuke plays for FC Energie Cottbus
Léonard Kweuke plays for FK DAC 1904 Dunajská Streda
Léonard Kweuke plays for Persepolis F.C.
Léonard Kweuke plays for 1. FC Kaiserslautern
Willi Lindner was born in Frankfurt
Willi Lindner was born in Berlin
Willi Lindner was born in West Berlin
Willi Lindner was born in Munich
Willi Lindner was born in Hamburg
Willi Lindner was born in London
Willi Lindner was born in Hanover
Willi Lindner was born in Cologne
Willi Lindner was born in Dortmund
Willi Lindner was born in New York City
Richard Feynman has won prize Oersted Medal
Richard Feynman has won prize Ernest Orlando Lawrence Award
Richard Feynman has won prize National Medal of Science
Richard Feynman has won prize Nobel Prize in Physics
Richard Feynman has won prize Enrico Fermi Award
Richard Feynman has won prize Golden Globe Award
Richard Feynman has won prize Public Welfare Medal
Richard Feynman has won prize Harvey Prize
Richard Feynman has won prize Wolf Prize
Richard Feynman has won prize Royal Medal
Carlos Gutiérrez (soccer) plays for Centauros Villavicencio
Carlos Gutiérrez (soccer) plays for Millonarios Fútbol Club
Carlos Gutiérrez (soccer) plays for América de Cali
Carlos Gutiérrez (soccer) plays for Deportes Quindío
Carlos Gutiérrez (soccer) plays for Real Cartagena
Carlos Gutiérrez (soccer) plays for Sport Áncash
Carlos Gutiérrez (soccer) plays for Colombia national football team
Carlos Gutiérrez (soccer) plays for Deportivo Cuenca
Carlos Gutiérrez (soccer) plays for Club Necaxa
Carlos Gutiérrez (soccer) plays for La Equidad
Bobby Johnstone plays for Newtongrange Star F.C.
Bobby Johnstone plays for Witton Albion F.C.
Bobby Johnstone plays for Scottish Football League XI
Bobby Johnstone plays for Hibernian F.C.
Bobby Johnstone plays for Scotland national football team
Bobby Johnstone plays for Oldham Athletic A.F.C.
Bobby Johnstone plays for Manchester City F.C.
Bobby Johnstone plays for Aberdeen F.C.
Bobby Johnstone plays for Manchester United F.C.
Bobby Johnstone plays for Celtic F.C.
Amr Aly plays for New Jersey Eagles
Amr Aly plays for New York Express
Amr Aly plays for Brooklyn Italians
Amr Aly plays for New York Cosmos
Amr Aly plays for Columbia University
Amr Aly plays for Los Angeles Lazers
Amr Aly plays for United States men's national soccer team
Amr Aly plays for United States national soccer team
Amr Aly plays for Albany Capitals
Amr Aly plays for New York University
"Boston, Lincolnshire is located in PE postcode area"
"Boston, Lincolnshire is located in East Midlands"
"Boston, Lincolnshire is located in England"
"Boston, Lincolnshire is located in United Kingdom"
"Boston, Lincolnshire is located in Lincolnshire"
"Boston, Lincolnshire is located in Scotland"
"Boston, Lincolnshire is located in South East England"
"Boston, Lincolnshire is located in East of England"
"Boston, Lincolnshire is located in North East England"
"Boston, Lincolnshire is located in Nottinghamshire"
Pál Szalma is affiliated to Balmazújvárosi FC
Pál Szalma is affiliated to Diósgyőri VTK
Pál Szalma is affiliated to BFC Siófok
Pál Szalma is affiliated to Újpest FC
Pál Szalma is affiliated to Nyíregyháza Spartacus FC
Pál Szalma is affiliated to Hungary national football team
Pál Szalma is affiliated to Debreceni VSC
Pál Szalma is affiliated to MTK Budapest FC
Pál Szalma is affiliated to Győri ETO FC
Pál Szalma is affiliated to Budapest Honvéd FC
Mario Rafael Rodríguez plays for C.S.D. Municipal
Mario Rafael Rodríguez plays for Guatemala national football team
Mario Rafael Rodríguez plays for C.S.D. Comunicaciones
Mario Rafael Rodríguez plays for Universidad de San Carlos (Guatemalan football club)
Mario Rafael Rodríguez plays for Fort Lauderdale Strikers
Mario Rafael Rodríguez plays for Columbus Crew
Mario Rafael Rodríguez plays for L.D. Alajuelense
Mario Rafael Rodríguez plays for C.D. Suchitepéquez
Mario Rafael Rodríguez plays for C.D. Jalapa
Mario Rafael Rodríguez plays for LA Galaxy
Mamadou Danso plays for Gambia national football team
Mamadou Danso plays for Gambia Ports Authority F.C.
Mamadou Danso plays for Portland Timbers
Mamadou Danso plays for Carolina RailHawks
Mamadou Danso plays for Wallidan F.C.
Mamadou Danso plays for Portland Timbers (2001–10)
Mamadou Danso plays for Banjul Hawks FC
Mamadou Danso plays for Montreal Impact
Mamadou Danso plays for Banjul Hawks Football Club
Mamadou Danso plays for Real de Banjul F.C.
Steve Oedekerk directed Barnyard (film)
Steve Oedekerk directed Nothing to Lose (1997 film)
Steve Oedekerk directed Predator (franchise)
Steve Oedekerk directed Secret Admirer
Steve Oedekerk directed Women & Men 2
Steve Oedekerk directed Sin City (film)
Steve Oedekerk directed Extreme Prejudice (film)
"Steve Oedekerk directed New York, I Love You"
Steve Oedekerk directed Muppets from Space
Steve Oedekerk directed Servants' Entrance
Marvin Zeegelaar plays for S.B.V. Excelsior
Marvin Zeegelaar plays for AFC Ajax
Marvin Zeegelaar plays for Elazığspor
Marvin Zeegelaar plays for RCD Espanyol
Marvin Zeegelaar plays for A.F.C. Ajax
Marvin Zeegelaar plays for Blackpool F.C.
Marvin Zeegelaar plays for A.V.V. Zeeburgia
Marvin Zeegelaar plays for FC Volendam
Marvin Zeegelaar plays for Sanica Boru Elazığspor
Marvin Zeegelaar plays for Jong Ajax
Norodom Sihanouk has gender male
Norodom Sihanouk has gender female
Norodom Sihanouk has gender United Kingdom
Norodom Sihanouk has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Norodom Sihanouk has gender Bulgaria
Norodom Sihanouk has gender United States
Norodom Sihanouk has gender Turkey
Norodom Sihanouk has gender London
Norodom Sihanouk has gender France
Norodom Sihanouk has gender César Award
MacBeth Sibaya plays for Moroka Swallows F.C.
MacBeth Sibaya plays for Jomo Cosmos F.C.
MacBeth Sibaya plays for South Africa national football team
MacBeth Sibaya plays for III. Kerületi TUE
MacBeth Sibaya plays for Rosenborg BK
MacBeth Sibaya plays for Mpumalanga Black Aces F.C.
MacBeth Sibaya plays for FC Rubin Kazan
MacBeth Sibaya plays for Rubin Kazan
MacBeth Sibaya plays for Kaizer Chiefs F.C.
MacBeth Sibaya plays for Orlando Pirates
Shirley Knight has won prize Golden Globe Award
Shirley Knight has won prize Tony Award
Shirley Knight has won prize Drama Desk Award
Shirley Knight has won prize Emmy Award
Shirley Knight has won prize Primetime Emmy Award
Shirley Knight has won prize Grammy Award
Shirley Knight has won prize Academy Award for Best Actor
Shirley Knight has won prize Saturn Award
Shirley Knight has won prize Volpi Cup
Shirley Knight has won prize Donaldson Awards
Keith Shevlin plays for Manly United FC
Keith Shevlin plays for APIA Leichhardt Tigers FC
Keith Shevlin plays for Marconi Stallions FC
Keith Shevlin plays for Cork City F.C.
Keith Shevlin plays for Shamrock Rovers F.C.
Keith Shevlin plays for Clyde F.C.
Keith Shevlin plays for Dundee F.C.
Keith Shevlin plays for University of North Carolina Wilmington
Keith Shevlin plays for Athlone Town A.F.C.
Keith Shevlin plays for St Patrick's Athletic F.C.
Aleksandar Vuković plays for Legia Warsaw
Aleksandar Vuković plays for FK Partizan
Aleksandar Vuković plays for Ergotelis F.C.
Aleksandar Vuković plays for FK Teleoptik
Aleksandar Vuković plays for F.K. Partizan
Aleksandar Vuković plays for FK Milicionar
Aleksandar Vuković plays for FK Borac Banja Luka
Aleksandar Vuković plays for FK Borac Čačak
Aleksandar Vuković plays for Iraklis Thessaloniki F.C.
Aleksandar Vuković plays for Korona Kielce
Saša Radulović is affiliated to Brisbane Strikers FC
Saša Radulović is affiliated to NK Čelik Zenica
Saša Radulović is affiliated to Rot Weiss Ahlen
Saša Radulović is affiliated to Marconi Stallions FC
Saša Radulović is affiliated to Lillestrøm SK
Saša Radulović is affiliated to Rot-Weiß Oberhausen
Saša Radulović is affiliated to FC Augsburg
Saša Radulović is affiliated to Újpest FC
Saša Radulović is affiliated to MSV Duisburg
Saša Radulović is affiliated to Arminia Bielefeld
Yasuyuki Konno has gender male
Yasuyuki Konno has gender female
Yasuyuki Konno has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Yasuyuki Konno has gender United Kingdom
Yasuyuki Konno has gender Republican Party (United States)
Yasuyuki Konno has gender Hong Kong
Yasuyuki Konno has gender Democratic Party (United States)
Yasuyuki Konno has gender Azerbaijan
Yasuyuki Konno has gender France
Yasuyuki Konno has gender Italy
Deryn Brace plays for Haverfordwest County A.F.C.
Deryn Brace plays for Carmarthen Town A.F.C.
Deryn Brace plays for Wales national under-21 football team
Deryn Brace plays for Llanelli A.F.C.
Deryn Brace plays for Norwich City F.C.
Deryn Brace plays for Wrexham F.C.
Deryn Brace plays for Wales national football team
Deryn Brace plays for Swansea City A.F.C.
Deryn Brace plays for Cardiff City F.C.
Deryn Brace plays for Merthyr Tydfil F.C.
Harran is located in Şanlıurfa Province
Harran is located in Southeastern Anatolia
Harran is located in Turkey
Harran is located in Southeastern Anatolia Region
Harran is located in Umayyad Empire
Harran is located in Harran
Harran is located in United States
Harran is located in Europe
Harran is located in Asia
Harran is located in Umayyad Caliphate
Vyacheslav Kalashnikov plays for FC Slavyansky Slavyansk-na-Kubani
Vyacheslav Kalashnikov plays for FC Dynamo Bryansk
Vyacheslav Kalashnikov plays for FC Zenit Penza
Vyacheslav Kalashnikov plays for FC Khimki
Vyacheslav Kalashnikov plays for FC Amkar Perm
Vyacheslav Kalashnikov plays for FC SKVO Rostov-on-Don
Vyacheslav Kalashnikov plays for FC Saturn Ramenskoye
Vyacheslav Kalashnikov plays for FC Rotor Volgograd
Vyacheslav Kalashnikov plays for Saturn Moscow Oblast
Vyacheslav Kalashnikov plays for FC Chernomorets Novorossiysk
André Weis has gender male
André Weis has gender female
André Weis has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
André Weis has gender Tomsk
André Weis has gender London Heathrow Terminal 3
André Weis has gender Turkey
André Weis has gender United Kingdom
André Weis has gender Republican Party (United States)
André Weis has gender Democratic Party (United States)
André Weis has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Jovan Vidović has gender male
Jovan Vidović has gender female
Jovan Vidović has gender Azerbaijan
Jovan Vidović has gender Tomsk
Jovan Vidović has gender Turkey
Jovan Vidović has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Jovan Vidović has gender United Kingdom
Jovan Vidović has gender Republican Party (United States)
Jovan Vidović has gender London Heathrow Terminal 3
Jovan Vidović has gender Bulgaria
Mikhail Biryukov (footballer born 1958) is affiliated to FC Lokomotiv Saint Petersburg
Mikhail Biryukov (footballer born 1958) is affiliated to FC TVMK Tallinn
Mikhail Biryukov (footballer born 1958) is affiliated to FC Amur-2010 Blagoveshchensk
Mikhail Biryukov (footballer born 1958) is affiliated to MYPA
Mikhail Biryukov (footballer born 1958) is affiliated to FC Zenit Saint Petersburg
Mikhail Biryukov (footballer born 1958) is affiliated to Soviet Union national football team
Mikhail Biryukov (footballer born 1958) is affiliated to FC Znamya Truda Orekhovo-Zuyevo
Mikhail Biryukov (footballer born 1958) is affiliated to FC Dynamo Saint Petersburg
Mikhail Biryukov (footballer born 1958) is affiliated to F.C. Zenit St. Petersburg
Mikhail Biryukov (footballer born 1958) is affiliated to PFC CSKA Moscow
Moritz Volz is affiliated to Wimbledon F.C.
Moritz Volz is affiliated to Germany national under-21 football team
Moritz Volz is affiliated to FC St. Pauli
Moritz Volz is affiliated to Fulham F.C.
Moritz Volz is affiliated to Arsenal F.C.
Moritz Volz is affiliated to TSV 1860 München
Moritz Volz is affiliated to Ipswich Town F.C.
Moritz Volz is affiliated to de/Deutsche Fußballnationalmannschaft (U-20-Männer)
Moritz Volz is affiliated to FC Schalke 04
Moritz Volz is affiliated to Milton Keynes Dons F.C.
Mariano Torres has gender male
Mariano Torres has gender female
Mariano Torres has gender United Kingdom
Mariano Torres has gender France
Mariano Torres has gender London
Mariano Torres has gender Paris
Mariano Torres has gender Africa
Mariano Torres has gender Hong Kong
Mariano Torres has gender wordnet chemical 114806838
Mariano Torres has gender Tomsk
Alex Forsyth (footballer) plays for Blantyre Victoria F.C.
Alex Forsyth (footballer) plays for Scotland national football team
Alex Forsyth (footballer) plays for Scottish Football League XI
Alex Forsyth (footballer) plays for Partick Thistle F.C.
Alex Forsyth (footballer) plays for Queen of the South F.C.
Alex Forsyth (footballer) plays for Hamilton Academical F.C.
Alex Forsyth (footballer) plays for Motherwell F.C.
Alex Forsyth (footballer) plays for Scotland national under-21 football team
Alex Forsyth (footballer) plays for Rangers F.C.
Alex Forsyth (footballer) plays for Manchester United F.C.
Gábor Zavadszky is affiliated to Dunaújváros FC
Gábor Zavadszky is affiliated to Hungary national football team
Gábor Zavadszky is affiliated to Ferencvárosi TC
Gábor Zavadszky is affiliated to MTK Budapest FC
Gábor Zavadszky is affiliated to Apollon Limassol
Gábor Zavadszky is affiliated to fr/Ferencváros TC (football)
Gábor Zavadszky is affiliated to Vasas SC
Gábor Zavadszky is affiliated to Újpest FC
Gábor Zavadszky is affiliated to BVSC Budapest
Gábor Zavadszky is affiliated to Budapest Honvéd FC
Luis Ernesto Guzmán is affiliated to Club Deportivo Necaxa
Luis Ernesto Guzmán is affiliated to Parrillas One
Luis Ernesto Guzmán is affiliated to Atlético Choloma
Luis Ernesto Guzmán is affiliated to C.D. Motagua
Luis Ernesto Guzmán is affiliated to Pumas UNAH
Luis Ernesto Guzmán is affiliated to Comayagua F.C.
Luis Ernesto Guzmán is affiliated to Club Deportivo Olimpia
Luis Ernesto Guzmán is affiliated to Honduras national football team
Luis Ernesto Guzmán is affiliated to C.D. Real Juventud
Luis Ernesto Guzmán is affiliated to Real C.D. España
Willie Fagan plays for Lisburn Distillery F.C.
Willie Fagan plays for Celtic F.C.
Willie Fagan plays for Weymouth F.C.
Willie Fagan plays for Scotland national football team
Willie Fagan plays for Preston North End F.C.
Willie Fagan plays for Liverpool F.C.
Willie Fagan plays for Scottish Football League XI
Willie Fagan plays for Southampton F.C.
Willie Fagan plays for Aston Villa F.C.
Willie Fagan plays for Rangers F.C.
Adam Eckersley (footballer) plays for England national under-16 football team
Adam Eckersley (footballer) plays for England national under-18 football team
Adam Eckersley (footballer) plays for England national under-17 football team
Adam Eckersley (footballer) plays for Aarhus Gymnastikforening
Adam Eckersley (footballer) plays for Royal Antwerp F.C.
Adam Eckersley (footballer) plays for Manchester United F.C.
Adam Eckersley (footballer) plays for Barnsley F.C.
Adam Eckersley (footballer) plays for Brøndby IF
Adam Eckersley (footballer) plays for AC Horsens
Adam Eckersley (footballer) plays for Port Vale F.C.
Hertford is located in SG postcode area
Hertford is located in East Hertfordshire
Hertford is located in Hertfordshire
Hertford is located in Herefordshire
Hertford is located in East of England
Hertford is located in England
Hertford is located in Cambridgeshire
Hertford is located in United Kingdom
Hertford is located in Hertford
Hertford is located in Essex
Arthur Wightman has won prize Henri Poincaré Prize
Arthur Wightman has won prize National Medal of Science
Arthur Wightman has won prize Dannie Heineman Prize for Mathematical Physics
Arthur Wightman has won prize Leroy P. Steele Prize
Arthur Wightman has won prize Nobel Prize in Physics
Arthur Wightman has won prize Fields Medal
Arthur Wightman has won prize Wolf Prize
Arthur Wightman has won prize Grammy Award
Arthur Wightman has won prize Harvey Prize
Arthur Wightman has won prize Dirac Prize
Bill Murray has gender female
Bill Murray has gender male
Bill Murray has gender France
Bill Murray has gender United Arab Emirates
Bill Murray has gender United Kingdom
Bill Murray has gender Turkey
Bill Murray has gender Azerbaijan
Bill Murray has gender Italy
Bill Murray has gender Germany
Bill Murray has gender Erasmus Prize
Steve Wicks is affiliated to Chelsea F.C.
Steve Wicks is affiliated to England national football team
Steve Wicks is affiliated to Crystal Palace F.C.
Steve Wicks is affiliated to England national under-21 football team
Steve Wicks is affiliated to Derby County F.C.
Steve Wicks is affiliated to Queens Park Rangers F.C.
Steve Wicks is affiliated to Tottenham Hotspur F.C.
Steve Wicks is affiliated to England national football B team
Steve Wicks is affiliated to Arsenal F.C.
Steve Wicks is affiliated to Southampton F.C.
Mate Vatsadze is affiliated to Georgia national under-21 football team
Mate Vatsadze is affiliated to FC Dila Gori
Mate Vatsadze is affiliated to Georgia national football team
Mate Vatsadze is affiliated to FC Volga Nizhny Novgorod
Mate Vatsadze is affiliated to Aarhus Gymnastikforening
Mate Vatsadze is affiliated to FC Dinamo Tbilisi
Mate Vatsadze is affiliated to Georgia national under-17 football team
Mate Vatsadze is affiliated to FC Metalurgi Rustavi
Mate Vatsadze is affiliated to FC Tbilisi
Mate Vatsadze is affiliated to FC Zestafoni
Habib Bellaïd is affiliated to France national under-17 football team
Habib Bellaïd is affiliated to France national under-16 football team
Habib Bellaïd is affiliated to France national under-18 football team
Habib Bellaïd is affiliated to CS Sedan Ardennes
Habib Bellaïd is affiliated to Clairefontaine
Habib Bellaïd is affiliated to France national under-21 football team
Habib Bellaïd is affiliated to R.C. Strasbourg
Habib Bellaïd is affiliated to Red Star F.C.
Habib Bellaïd is affiliated to France national under-19 football team
Habib Bellaïd is affiliated to C.S. Sedan Ardennes
Fabien Raddas plays for AS Poissy
Fabien Raddas plays for AS Beauvais Oise
Fabien Raddas plays for Stade Brestois 29
Fabien Raddas plays for FC Rouen
Fabien Raddas plays for Stade Lavallois
Fabien Raddas plays for AS Cannes
Fabien Raddas plays for Guadeloupe national football team
Fabien Raddas plays for Paris FC
Fabien Raddas plays for A.S. Cannes Football
Fabien Raddas plays for Amiens SC
John Yates (footballer) was born in Birmingham
John Yates (footballer) was born in Blackburn
John Yates (footballer) was born in London
John Yates (footballer) was born in Liverpool
John Yates (footballer) was born in Manchester
John Yates (footballer) was born in Wolverhampton
John Yates (footballer) was born in Nottingham
John Yates (footballer) was born in Leicester
John Yates (footballer) was born in Accrington
"John Yates (footballer) was born in Preston, Lancashire"
Jack Lee (footballer) is affiliated to Quorn F.C.
Jack Lee (footballer) is affiliated to Leicester City F.C.
Jack Lee (footballer) is affiliated to Coventry City F.C.
Jack Lee (footballer) is affiliated to Derby County F.C.
Jack Lee (footballer) is affiliated to England national football team
Jack Lee (footballer) is affiliated to England national under-21 football team
Jack Lee (footballer) is affiliated to Aston Villa F.C.
Jack Lee (footballer) is affiliated to Nottingham Forest F.C.
Jack Lee (footballer) is affiliated to West Bromwich Albion F.C.
Jack Lee (footballer) is affiliated to Stoke City F.C.
Dixie Dean is affiliated to Ashton United F.C.
Dixie Dean is affiliated to Everton F.C.
Dixie Dean is affiliated to Sligo Rovers F.C.
Dixie Dean is affiliated to England national football team
Dixie Dean is affiliated to Notts County F.C.
Dixie Dean is affiliated to Tranmere Rovers F.C.
Dixie Dean is affiliated to Liverpool F.C.
Dixie Dean is affiliated to Manchester City F.C.
Dixie Dean is affiliated to Blackpool F.C.
Dixie Dean is affiliated to Huddersfield Town F.C.
Tony Chursky plays for Seattle Sounders (1974–83)
Tony Chursky plays for Tacoma Stars (MISL)
Tony Chursky plays for Toronto Blizzard (1971–84)
Tony Chursky plays for Chicago Sting
Tony Chursky plays for California Surf
Tony Chursky plays for Canada men's national soccer team
Tony Chursky plays for Simon Fraser University
Tony Chursky plays for Vancouver Whitecaps (1974–84)
Tony Chursky plays for Seattle Storm (soccer)
Tony Chursky plays for San Jose Earthquakes (1974–88)
Dwight Barnett plays for VSI Tampa Bay FC
Dwight Barnett plays for Cape Cod Crusaders
Dwight Barnett plays for Lynn University
Dwight Barnett plays for Montreal Impact
Dwight Barnett plays for Westchester Flames
Dwight Barnett plays for Dundalk F.C.
Dwight Barnett plays for Montreal Impact (1992–2011)
Dwight Barnett plays for Rochester Rhinos
Dwight Barnett plays for Ottawa Fury FC
Dwight Barnett plays for Vancouver Whitecaps (1986–2010)
Trevor Quow is affiliated to Sudbury Town F.C.
Trevor Quow is affiliated to Double Flower FA
Trevor Quow is affiliated to Stamford A.F.C.
Trevor Quow is affiliated to Peterborough United F.C.
Trevor Quow is affiliated to Hong Kong Rangers FC
Trevor Quow is affiliated to Boston United F.C.
Trevor Quow is affiliated to Gillingham F.C.
Trevor Quow is affiliated to Northampton Town F.C.
Trevor Quow is affiliated to Lincoln City F.C.
Trevor Quow is affiliated to Colchester United F.C.
Edith Agoye plays for Bridge Boys F.C.
Edith Agoye plays for Nigeria national football team
Edith Agoye plays for Bnei Sakhnin F.C.
Edith Agoye plays for Enyimba International F.C.
Edith Agoye plays for Shooting Stars SC
Edith Agoye plays for Maccabi Herzliya F.C.
Edith Agoye plays for Hapoel Be'er Sheva F.C.
Edith Agoye plays for Espérance de Tunis
Edith Agoye plays for FC Schaffhausen
Edith Agoye plays for Rot-Weiß Oberhausen
Gaetano Scirea is affiliated to Atalanta B.C.
Gaetano Scirea is affiliated to Italy national football team
Gaetano Scirea is affiliated to Juventus F.C.
Gaetano Scirea is affiliated to Italy national under-21 football team
Gaetano Scirea is affiliated to U.C. Sampdoria
Gaetano Scirea is affiliated to A.C. Milan
Gaetano Scirea is affiliated to Inter Milan
Gaetano Scirea is affiliated to S.S. Lazio
Gaetano Scirea is affiliated to A.S. Roma
Gaetano Scirea is affiliated to Udinese Calcio
Marco Ramos plays for LB Châteauroux
Marco Ramos plays for US Créteil-Lusitanos
Marco Ramos plays for RC Lens
Marco Ramos plays for AS Monaco FC
Marco Ramos plays for Portugal national under-19 football team
Marco Ramos plays for AJ Auxerre
Marco Ramos plays for S.C. Braga
Marco Ramos plays for R.C. Lens
Marco Ramos plays for A.S. Monaco F.C.
Marco Ramos plays for L.B. Châteauroux
Dejan Pešić plays for FK Vlasina
Dejan Pešić plays for FK Radnički Niš
Dejan Pešić plays for Shahin Bushehr F.C.
Dejan Pešić plays for FK Spartak Zlatibor Voda
Dejan Pešić plays for FC Brașov
Dejan Pešić plays for FC Vaslui
Dejan Pešić plays for Red Star Belgrade
Dejan Pešić plays for Íþróttafélagið Völsungur
Dejan Pešić plays for Wisła Kraków
Dejan Pešić plays for F.K. Red Star Belgrade
Aatif Chahechouhe is affiliated to L'Entente SSG
Aatif Chahechouhe is affiliated to A.S. Nancy-Lorraine
Aatif Chahechouhe is affiliated to AS Nancy
Aatif Chahechouhe is affiliated to PSFC Chernomorets Burgas
Aatif Chahechouhe is affiliated to Racing Club de France football Colombes 92
Aatif Chahechouhe is affiliated to Sivasspor
Aatif Chahechouhe is affiliated to Olympique Noisy-le-Sec
Aatif Chahechouhe is affiliated to CS Sedan Ardennes
Aatif Chahechouhe is affiliated to Morocco national football team
Aatif Chahechouhe is affiliated to C.S. Sedan Ardennes
Ben Joyce plays for Forest Green Rovers F.C.
Ben Joyce plays for Salisbury City F.C.
Ben Joyce plays for Weymouth F.C.
Ben Joyce plays for Torquay United F.C.
Ben Joyce plays for Swindon Town F.C.
Ben Joyce plays for Kettering Town F.C.
Ben Joyce plays for Weston-super-Mare A.F.C.
Ben Joyce plays for Plymouth Argyle F.C.
Ben Joyce plays for Aston Villa F.C.
Ben Joyce plays for Bath City F.C.
Alessandro Grandoni plays for A.S. Livorno Calcio
Alessandro Grandoni plays for Torino F.C.
Alessandro Grandoni plays for Modena F.C.
Alessandro Grandoni plays for A.S.D. Gallipoli Football 1909
Alessandro Grandoni plays for U.C. Sampdoria
Alessandro Grandoni plays for S.S. Lazio
Alessandro Grandoni plays for Italy national under-21 football team
Alessandro Grandoni plays for Olympiacos Volou 1937 F.C.
Alessandro Grandoni plays for Ternana Calcio
Alessandro Grandoni plays for Torino F.C. 1906
Volodymyr Yezerskiy plays for FC Dnipro-3 Dnipropetrovsk
Volodymyr Yezerskiy plays for FC Karpaty Lviv
Volodymyr Yezerskiy plays for FC Haray Zhovkva
Volodymyr Yezerskiy plays for Ukraine national football team
Volodymyr Yezerskiy plays for FC Zorya Luhansk
Volodymyr Yezerskiy plays for FC Dnipro-2 Dnipropetrovsk
Volodymyr Yezerskiy plays for SC Tavriya Simferopol
Volodymyr Yezerskiy plays for FC Kryvbas Kryvyi Rih
Volodymyr Yezerskiy plays for FC Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk
Volodymyr Yezerskiy plays for FC Dynamo Kyiv
Tyler is located in Texas
Tyler is located in England
Tyler is located in United States
Tyler is located in United Kingdom
"Tyler is located in Smith County, Texas"
Tyler is located in Tyler
Tyler is located in California
Tyler is located in South East England
Tyler is located in Scotland
Tyler is located in France
Jordan Remacle is affiliated to Belgium national under-17 football team
Jordan Remacle is affiliated to Oud-Heverlee Leuven
Jordan Remacle is affiliated to K.R.C. Genk
Jordan Remacle is affiliated to Waasland-Beveren
Jordan Remacle is affiliated to Belgium national under-19 football team
Jordan Remacle is affiliated to K.A.A. Gent
Jordan Remacle is affiliated to RKC Waalwijk
Jordan Remacle is affiliated to Helmond Sport
Jordan Remacle is affiliated to K.S.C. Lokeren Oost-Vlaanderen
Jordan Remacle is affiliated to RBC Roosendaal
Milorad Ratković has gender male
Milorad Ratković has gender female
Milorad Ratković has gender United Kingdom
Milorad Ratković has gender Labour Party (UK)
Milorad Ratković has gender United States
Milorad Ratković has gender France
Milorad Ratković has gender Germany
Milorad Ratković has gender Democratic Party (United States)
Milorad Ratković has gender Tomsk
Milorad Ratković has gender London
Martin Harnik is affiliated to Austria national under-19 football team
Martin Harnik is affiliated to Austria national under-21 football team
Martin Harnik is affiliated to Werder Bremen
Martin Harnik is affiliated to SV Werder Bremen
Martin Harnik is affiliated to SV Werder Bremen II
Martin Harnik is affiliated to Fortuna Düsseldorf
Martin Harnik is affiliated to Austria national football team
Martin Harnik is affiliated to VfB Stuttgart
Martin Harnik is affiliated to Germany national football team
Martin Harnik is affiliated to SK Rapid Wien
Robert Acquafresca plays for A.C.D. Treviso 2013
Robert Acquafresca plays for Inter Milan
Robert Acquafresca plays for Genoa C.F.C.
Robert Acquafresca plays for Cagliari Calcio
Robert Acquafresca plays for Atalanta B.C.
Robert Acquafresca plays for Levante UD
Robert Acquafresca plays for Italy national under-21 football team
Robert Acquafresca plays for Torino F.C.
Robert Acquafresca plays for Bologna F.C. 1909
Robert Acquafresca plays for Italy national under-20 football team
Wim Suurbier plays for Fort Lauderdale Strikers (1977–83)
Wim Suurbier plays for Tampa Bay Rowdies (1975–93)
Wim Suurbier plays for Los Angeles Aztecs
Wim Suurbier plays for Netherlands national football team
Wim Suurbier plays for San Jose Earthquakes (1974–88)
Wim Suurbier plays for Tampa Bay Rowdies (1975–1993)
Wim Suurbier plays for Sparta Rotterdam
Wim Suurbier plays for FC Metz
Wim Suurbier plays for AFC Ajax
Wim Suurbier plays for FC Schalke 04
Luke Kreamalmeyer is affiliated to AC St. Louis
Luke Kreamalmeyer is affiliated to Chicago Fire Premier
Luke Kreamalmeyer is affiliated to Real Salt Lake
Luke Kreamalmeyer is affiliated to Rochester Rhinos
Luke Kreamalmeyer is affiliated to Bradley University
Luke Kreamalmeyer is affiliated to Montreal Impact
Luke Kreamalmeyer is affiliated to Portland Timbers (2001–10)
Luke Kreamalmeyer is affiliated to Carolina RailHawks
Luke Kreamalmeyer is affiliated to Chicago Fire Soccer Club
Luke Kreamalmeyer is affiliated to Portland Timbers
Alen Vučkić is affiliated to NK Domžale
Alen Vučkić is affiliated to NK Krka
Alen Vučkić is affiliated to Slovenia national under-19 football team
Alen Vučkić is affiliated to Slovenia national under-21 football team
Alen Vučkić is affiliated to NK Olimpija Ljubljana (2005)
Alen Vučkić is affiliated to Slovenia national under-17 football team
Alen Vučkić is affiliated to Slovenia national football team
Alen Vučkić is affiliated to NK Olimpija Ljubljana (defunct)
Alen Vučkić is affiliated to ND Slovan
Alen Vučkić is affiliated to ND Gorica
Sam Magalefa has gender male
Sam Magalefa has gender female
Sam Magalefa has gender Tomsk
Sam Magalefa has gender Golden Globe Award
Sam Magalefa has gender César Award
Sam Magalefa has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Sam Magalefa has gender London Heathrow Terminal 3
Sam Magalefa has gender wordnet chemical 114806838
Sam Magalefa has gender Bulgaria
Sam Magalefa has gender France
Alejandro Domínguez (Argentine footballer) has gender male
Alejandro Domínguez (Argentine footballer) has gender female
Alejandro Domínguez (Argentine footballer) has gender United Kingdom
Alejandro Domínguez (Argentine footballer) has gender Qatar
Alejandro Domínguez (Argentine footballer) has gender Azerbaijan
Alejandro Domínguez (Argentine footballer) has gender wordnet chemical 114806838
Alejandro Domínguez (Argentine footballer) has gender United Arab Emirates
Alejandro Domínguez (Argentine footballer) has gender wordnet electronics 106099269
Alejandro Domínguez (Argentine footballer) has gender Tomsk
Alejandro Domínguez (Argentine footballer) has gender wordnet machinery 103701640
Choi Young-il plays for Liaoning Whowin F.C.
Choi Young-il plays for Ulsan Hyundai FC
Choi Young-il plays for Busan IPark
Choi Young-il plays for Dong-a University
Choi Young-il plays for FC Seoul
Choi Young-il plays for South Korea national football team
Choi Young-il plays for Suwon Samsung Bluewings
Choi Young-il plays for Korea University
Choi Young-il plays for South Korea national under-23 football team
Choi Young-il plays for Seongnam FC
Hervé Bochud plays for SR Delémont
Hervé Bochud plays for FC Solothurn
Hervé Bochud plays for SO Chambéry Foot
Hervé Bochud plays for SC Kriens
Hervé Bochud plays for Yverdon-Sport FC
Hervé Bochud plays for FC Baden
Hervé Bochud plays for FC Schaffhausen
Hervé Bochud plays for FC Wil 1900
Hervé Bochud plays for BSC Young Boys
Hervé Bochud plays for Neuchâtel Xamax
Luciano Goux plays for Defensores de Belgrano
Luciano Goux plays for Club Social y Deportivo Tristán Suárez
Luciano Goux plays for Club Atlético Sarmiento
Luciano Goux plays for Deportivo Laferrere
Luciano Goux plays for Defensa y Justicia
Luciano Goux plays for Club Atlético Atlanta
Luciano Goux plays for Perak FA
Luciano Goux plays for Everton de Viña del Mar
Luciano Goux plays for Estudiantes de Buenos Aires
Luciano Goux plays for Club Atlético River Plate
Jani Kauppila is affiliated to Oulun Luistinseura
Jani Kauppila is affiliated to Oulun Palloseura
Jani Kauppila is affiliated to AC Oulu
Jani Kauppila is affiliated to FC Haka
Jani Kauppila is affiliated to Finland national under-21 football team
Jani Kauppila is affiliated to Rangers F.C.
Jani Kauppila is affiliated to Finland national football team
Jani Kauppila is affiliated to Helsingin Jalkapalloklubi
Jani Kauppila is affiliated to FF Jaro
Jani Kauppila is affiliated to MYPA
Frank Sinatra is married to Mia Farrow
Frank Sinatra is married to Ava Gardner
Frank Sinatra is married to Frank Sinatra
Frank Sinatra is married to Clint Eastwood
Frank Sinatra is married to Carole Lombard
Frank Sinatra is married to Elizabeth Taylor
Frank Sinatra is married to Katy Jurado
Frank Sinatra is married to Eddie Fisher (singer)
Frank Sinatra is married to Paulette Goddard
Frank Sinatra is married to Shelley Winters
Ismo Lius is affiliated to FC Hämeenlinna
Ismo Lius is affiliated to RoPS
Ismo Lius is affiliated to Helsingin Jalkapalloklubi
Ismo Lius is affiliated to FC Kuusysi
Ismo Lius is affiliated to Örgryte IS
Ismo Lius is affiliated to FC Lahti
Ismo Lius is affiliated to Finland national football team
Ismo Lius is affiliated to K.S.K. Beveren
Ismo Lius is affiliated to Finland national under-21 football team
Ismo Lius is affiliated to MYPA
Hassan Roudbarian is affiliated to S.C. Damash
Hassan Roudbarian is affiliated to Sanat Mes Kerman F.C.
Hassan Roudbarian is affiliated to Iran national under-23 football team
Hassan Roudbarian is affiliated to PAS Tehran F.C.
Hassan Roudbarian is affiliated to Rah Ahan Sorinet F.C.
Hassan Roudbarian is affiliated to Iran national football team
Hassan Roudbarian is affiliated to Paykan F.C.
Hassan Roudbarian is affiliated to Persepolis F.C.
Hassan Roudbarian is affiliated to Tractor Sazi F.C.
Hassan Roudbarian is affiliated to Saipa F.C.
Georg Tripp is affiliated to Avenir Club Avignonnais
Georg Tripp is affiliated to FC Metz
Georg Tripp is affiliated to Angoulême CFC
Georg Tripp is affiliated to Stade Lavallois
Georg Tripp is affiliated to Racing Club de France football Colombes 92
Georg Tripp is affiliated to Kickers Offenbach
Georg Tripp is affiliated to F.C. Metz
Georg Tripp is affiliated to 1. FSV Mainz 05
Georg Tripp is affiliated to 1. FC Köln
Georg Tripp is affiliated to CS Sedan Ardennes
Andre Hoffmann (footballer) is affiliated to MSV Duisburg
Andre Hoffmann (footballer) is affiliated to de/Deutsche Fußballnationalmannschaft (U-17-Junioren)
Andre Hoffmann (footballer) is affiliated to Hannover 96
Andre Hoffmann (footballer) is affiliated to Germany national under-21 football team
Andre Hoffmann (footballer) is affiliated to Germany national youth football team
Andre Hoffmann (footballer) is affiliated to de/Deutsche Fußballnationalmannschaft (U-19-Junioren)
Andre Hoffmann (footballer) is affiliated to de/Deutsche Fußballnationalmannschaft (U-20-Männer)
Andre Hoffmann (footballer) is affiliated to FC Schalke 04
Andre Hoffmann (footballer) is affiliated to Germany national football team
Andre Hoffmann (footballer) is affiliated to Rot-Weiss Essen
Marc Kienle is affiliated to VfB Stuttgart
Marc Kienle is affiliated to Alemannia Aachen
Marc Kienle is affiliated to Stuttgarter Kickers
Marc Kienle is affiliated to Wormatia Worms
Marc Kienle is affiliated to VfB Stuttgart II
Marc Kienle is affiliated to MSV Duisburg
Marc Kienle is affiliated to MVV Maastricht
Marc Kienle is affiliated to Karlsruher SC
Marc Kienle is affiliated to SV Wehen Wiesbaden
Marc Kienle is affiliated to Germany national under-21 football team
Jakob Poulsen is affiliated to Esbjerg fB
Jakob Poulsen is affiliated to Aarhus Gymnastikforening
Jakob Poulsen is affiliated to FC Midtjylland
Jakob Poulsen is affiliated to AS Monaco FC
Jakob Poulsen is affiliated to SC Heerenveen
Jakob Poulsen is affiliated to A.S. Monaco F.C.
Jakob Poulsen is affiliated to Denmark national football team
Jakob Poulsen is affiliated to Denmark national under-21 football team
Jakob Poulsen is affiliated to Odense Boldklub
Jakob Poulsen is affiliated to Denmark national under-19 football team
Tommy Miller is affiliated to Hartlepool United F.C.
Tommy Miller is affiliated to Sunderland A.F.C.
Tommy Miller is affiliated to Ipswich Town F.C.
Tommy Miller is affiliated to Sheffield Wednesday F.C.
Tommy Miller is affiliated to Preston North End F.C.
Tommy Miller is affiliated to Huddersfield Town F.C.
Tommy Miller is affiliated to Swindon Town F.C.
Tommy Miller is affiliated to Bury F.C.
Tommy Miller is affiliated to Barnsley F.C.
Tommy Miller is affiliated to Manchester United F.C.
Admir Haznadar is affiliated to Lommel United
Admir Haznadar is affiliated to K.V.K. Tienen
Admir Haznadar is affiliated to PSV Eindhoven
Admir Haznadar is affiliated to Netherlands national under-17 football team
Admir Haznadar is affiliated to P.S.V. Eindhoven
Admir Haznadar is affiliated to K.V. Turnhout
Admir Haznadar is affiliated to RBC Roosendaal
Admir Haznadar is affiliated to K.A.A. Gent
Admir Haznadar is affiliated to K. Sint-Truidense V.V.
Admir Haznadar is affiliated to Willem II (football club)
Ian Morris (footballer) plays for Scunthorpe United F.C.
Ian Morris (footballer) plays for Carlisle United F.C.
Ian Morris (footballer) plays for Northampton Town F.C.
Ian Morris (footballer) plays for Blackpool F.C.
Ian Morris (footballer) plays for Leeds United A.F.C.
Ian Morris (footballer) plays for Torquay United F.C.
Ian Morris (footballer) plays for Chesterfield F.C.
Ian Morris (footballer) plays for Republic of Ireland national football team
Ian Morris (footballer) plays for Republic of Ireland national under-21 football team
Ian Morris (footballer) plays for Doncaster Rovers F.C.
Rudolph A. Marcus has won prize Irving Langmuir Award
Rudolph A. Marcus has won prize Peter Debye Award
Rudolph A. Marcus has won prize National Medal of Science
Rudolph A. Marcus has won prize Nobel Prize in Chemistry
Rudolph A. Marcus has won prize Wolf Prize
Rudolph A. Marcus has won prize Nobel Prize in Physics
Rudolph A. Marcus has won prize Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine
Rudolph A. Marcus has won prize Wolf Prize in Chemistry
Rudolph A. Marcus has won prize Elliott Cresson Medal
Rudolph A. Marcus has won prize Priestley Medal
Bidhan Chandra Roy has gender male
Bidhan Chandra Roy has gender female
Bidhan Chandra Roy has gender United Kingdom
Bidhan Chandra Roy has gender France
Bidhan Chandra Roy has gender Turkey
Bidhan Chandra Roy has gender Bulgaria
Bidhan Chandra Roy has gender United States
Bidhan Chandra Roy has gender Italy
Bidhan Chandra Roy has gender Azerbaijan
Bidhan Chandra Roy has gender Germany
Ben Stiller was born in New York City
Ben Stiller was born in Los Angeles
Ben Stiller was born in Chicago
Ben Stiller was born in London
"Ben Stiller was born in Santa Monica, California"
Ben Stiller was born in Philadelphia
Ben Stiller was born in Cleveland
Ben Stiller was born in Detroit
Ben Stiller was born in San Francisco
Ben Stiller was born in Baltimore
Steven N'Zonzi is affiliated to France national under-21 football team
Steven N'Zonzi is affiliated to Paris Saint-Germain F.C.
Steven N'Zonzi is affiliated to Blackburn Rovers F.C.
Steven N'Zonzi is affiliated to Stoke City F.C.
Steven N'Zonzi is affiliated to AS Beauvais Oise
Steven N'Zonzi is affiliated to Racing Club de France football Colombes 92
Steven N'Zonzi is affiliated to S.M. Caen
Steven N'Zonzi is affiliated to Amiens SC
Steven N'Zonzi is affiliated to Stade Malherbe Caen
Steven N'Zonzi is affiliated to France national football team
Danny Boffin is affiliated to RFC Liège
Danny Boffin is affiliated to K. Sint-Truidense V.V.
Danny Boffin is affiliated to Belgium national football team
Danny Boffin is affiliated to Standard Liège
Danny Boffin is affiliated to FC Metz
Danny Boffin is affiliated to F.C. Metz
Danny Boffin is affiliated to K.V.K. Tienen
Danny Boffin is affiliated to R.S.C. Anderlecht
Danny Boffin is affiliated to R. Charleroi S.C.
Danny Boffin is affiliated to Royal Antwerp F.C.
Saša Stamenković is affiliated to FK Dubočica
Saša Stamenković is affiliated to FK Napredak Kruševac
Saša Stamenković is affiliated to FK Radnički 1923
Saša Stamenković is affiliated to Neftchi Baku PFK
Saša Stamenković is affiliated to Red Star Belgrade
Saša Stamenković is affiliated to F.K. Red Star Belgrade
Saša Stamenković is affiliated to Serbia national football team
Saša Stamenković is affiliated to FK Radnički Niš
Saša Stamenković is affiliated to FK Obilić
Saša Stamenković is affiliated to OFK Beograd
Thomas Griffiths (footballer born 1906) plays for Aston Villa F.C.
Thomas Griffiths (footballer born 1906) plays for Bolton Wanderers F.C.
Thomas Griffiths (footballer born 1906) plays for Everton F.C.
Thomas Griffiths (footballer born 1906) plays for Middlesbrough F.C.
Thomas Griffiths (footballer born 1906) plays for Wrexham F.C.
Thomas Griffiths (footballer born 1906) plays for Wales national football team
Thomas Griffiths (footballer born 1906) plays for Cardiff City F.C.
Thomas Griffiths (footballer born 1906) plays for England national football team
Thomas Griffiths (footballer born 1906) plays for Manchester City F.C.
Thomas Griffiths (footballer born 1906) plays for Sunderland A.F.C.
Haris Vučkić is affiliated to Slovenia national under-21 football team
Haris Vučkić is affiliated to Slovenia national under-19 football team
Haris Vučkić is affiliated to Slovenia national under-17 football team
Haris Vučkić is affiliated to NK Domžale
Haris Vučkić is affiliated to Slovenia national football team
Haris Vučkić is affiliated to Rotherham United F.C.
Haris Vučkić is affiliated to Newcastle United F.C.
Haris Vučkić is affiliated to Cardiff City F.C.
Haris Vučkić is affiliated to NK Olimpija Ljubljana (2005)
Haris Vučkić is affiliated to NK Maribor
Jerson Cabral is affiliated to Netherlands national under-21 football team
Jerson Cabral is affiliated to FC Twente
Jerson Cabral is affiliated to Netherlands national under-17 football team
Jerson Cabral is affiliated to ADO Den Haag
Jerson Cabral is affiliated to Feyenoord
Jerson Cabral is affiliated to Netherlands national under-19 football team
Jerson Cabral is affiliated to Netherlands national football team
Jerson Cabral is affiliated to S.B.V. Excelsior
Jerson Cabral is affiliated to SBV Excelsior
Jerson Cabral is affiliated to A.F.C. Ajax
Nizamettin Çalışkan is affiliated to Turkey national under-17 football team
Nizamettin Çalışkan is affiliated to Orduspor
Nizamettin Çalışkan is affiliated to Manisaspor
Nizamettin Çalışkan is affiliated to Gençlerbirliği S.K.
Nizamettin Çalışkan is affiliated to Turkey national under-19 football team
Nizamettin Çalışkan is affiliated to Borussia Dortmund
Nizamettin Çalışkan is affiliated to Turkey national youth football team
Nizamettin Çalışkan is affiliated to Turkey national under-21 football team
Nizamettin Çalışkan is affiliated to Borussia Dortmund II
Nizamettin Çalışkan is affiliated to Turkey national under-20 football team
Hemanta Kumar Mukhopadhyay has won prize Filmfare Awards
Hemanta Kumar Mukhopadhyay has won prize National Film Awards (India)
Hemanta Kumar Mukhopadhyay has won prize Padma Shri
Hemanta Kumar Mukhopadhyay has won prize Grammy Award
Hemanta Kumar Mukhopadhyay has won prize Padma Bhushan
Hemanta Kumar Mukhopadhyay has won prize Sangeet Natak Akademi Award
Hemanta Kumar Mukhopadhyay has won prize Ivor Novello Awards
Hemanta Kumar Mukhopadhyay has won prize Filmfare Awards South
Hemanta Kumar Mukhopadhyay has won prize Golden Globe Award
Hemanta Kumar Mukhopadhyay has won prize Emmy Award
Billy Draycott is affiliated to Burton Wanderers F.C.
Billy Draycott is affiliated to Wellingborough Town F.C.
Billy Draycott is affiliated to Stoke City F.C.
Billy Draycott is affiliated to Bristol Rovers F.C.
Billy Draycott is affiliated to Port Vale F.C.
Billy Draycott is affiliated to Manchester United F.C.
Billy Draycott is affiliated to Bristol City F.C.
Billy Draycott is affiliated to Luton Town F.C.
Billy Draycott is affiliated to Birmingham City F.C.
Billy Draycott is affiliated to Swindon Town F.C.
Martin Rueda plays for FC Wettingen
Martin Rueda plays for Grasshopper Club Zürich
Martin Rueda plays for FC Luzern
Martin Rueda plays for Neuchâtel Xamax
Martin Rueda plays for FC Wohlen
Martin Rueda plays for Switzerland national football team
Martin Rueda plays for FC Aarau
Martin Rueda plays for BSC Young Boys
Martin Rueda plays for FC Winterthur
Martin Rueda plays for FC Lausanne-Sport
Hamka Hamzah was born in Jayapura
Hamka Hamzah was born in Yaoundé
Hamka Hamzah was born in Monrovia
Hamka Hamzah was born in Douala
"Hamka Hamzah was born in Ambon, Maluku"
Hamka Hamzah was born in Magelang
Hamka Hamzah was born in Lagos
Hamka Hamzah was born in Medan
Hamka Hamzah was born in Makassar
Hamka Hamzah was born in Jakarta
Joe Kennaway plays for Fall River F.C.
Joe Kennaway plays for Providence F.C.
Joe Kennaway plays for New Bedford Whalers
Joe Kennaway plays for Scotland national football team
Joe Kennaway plays for Canada men's national soccer team
Joe Kennaway plays for Celtic F.C.
Joe Kennaway plays for Scottish Football League XI
Joe Kennaway plays for Fall River Marksmen
Joe Kennaway plays for Boston Soccer Club
Joe Kennaway plays for Hibernian F.C.
Alex Song is affiliated to Cameroon national under-23 football team
Alex Song is affiliated to SC Bastia
Alex Song is affiliated to France national under-16 football team
Alex Song is affiliated to S.C. Bastia
Alex Song is affiliated to Charlton Athletic F.C.
Alex Song is affiliated to FC Barcelona
Alex Song is affiliated to Cameroon national football team
Alex Song is affiliated to Arsenal F.C.
Alex Song is affiliated to France national under-21 football team
Alex Song is affiliated to France national under-17 football team
José Carlos Tabares plays for Club Atlético Patronato
José Carlos Tabares plays for Comisión de Actividades Infantiles
José Carlos Tabares plays for Rangers de Talca
José Carlos Tabares plays for Arsenal de Sarandí
José Carlos Tabares plays for CD Castellón
José Carlos Tabares plays for Club Necaxa
José Carlos Tabares plays for Chacarita Juniors
José Carlos Tabares plays for Racing Club de Avellaneda
José Carlos Tabares plays for C.D. Castellón
José Carlos Tabares plays for Boca Juniors
Malik Asselah plays for NA Hussein Dey
Malik Asselah plays for JS Kabylie
Malik Asselah plays for Algeria national under-23 football team
Malik Asselah plays for CR Belouizdad
Malik Asselah plays for Algeria national football team
Malik Asselah plays for Algeria national under-20 football team
Malik Asselah plays for USM Alger
Malik Asselah plays for OMR El Annasser
Malik Asselah plays for ES Sétif
Malik Asselah plays for MC Alger
Vitālijs Astafjevs plays for Skonto FC
Vitālijs Astafjevs plays for FK Rīgas Futbola skola
Vitālijs Astafjevs plays for Latvia national football team
Vitālijs Astafjevs plays for JFK Olimps
Vitālijs Astafjevs plays for FC Admira Wacker Mödling
Vitālijs Astafjevs plays for FC Rubin Kazan
Vitālijs Astafjevs plays for FK Ventspils
Vitālijs Astafjevs plays for FK Daugava (2003)
Vitālijs Astafjevs plays for Bristol Rovers F.C.
Vitālijs Astafjevs plays for Rubin Kazan
Alan Rudolph directed The Moderns
Alan Rudolph directed Love at Large
Alan Rudolph directed Remember My Name
Alan Rudolph directed Breakfast of Champions (film)
Alan Rudolph directed Mortal Thoughts
Alan Rudolph directed Made in Heaven (1987 film)
Alan Rudolph directed Investigating Sex
Alan Rudolph directed Welcome to L.A.
Alan Rudolph directed Nowhere to Run (1993 film)
Alan Rudolph directed Grindhouse (film)
Chuy Province is located in United States
Chuy Province is located in Asia
Chuy Province is located in India
Chuy Province is located in China
Chuy Province is located in Europe
Chuy Province is located in United Kingdom
Chuy Province is located in Bishkek
Chuy Province is located in Canada
Chuy Province is located in Netherlands
Chuy Province is located in France
Jonas Ogandaga is affiliated to AS Stade Mandji
Jonas Ogandaga is affiliated to Raja Casablanca
Jonas Ogandaga is affiliated to Gabon national football team
Jonas Ogandaga is affiliated to AS Mangasport
Jonas Ogandaga is affiliated to USM Libreville
Jonas Ogandaga is affiliated to FC 105 Libreville
Jonas Ogandaga is affiliated to Morocco national football team
Jonas Ogandaga is affiliated to Sogéa FC
Jonas Ogandaga is affiliated to FAR Rabat
Jonas Ogandaga is affiliated to US Bitam
Veena Malik acted in Khulay Aasman Ke Neechay
Veena Malik acted in Koi Tujh Sa Kahan
Veena Malik acted in Cry-Baby
Veena Malik acted in Candy (1968 film)
Veena Malik acted in Who's Your Daddy? (film)
Veena Malik acted in Haqeeqat
Veena Malik acted in Twin Peaks
Veena Malik acted in Waqt (1965 film)
Veena Malik acted in The Delta Force
Veena Malik acted in Mulan II
Bodo Rudwaleit plays for Eisenhüttenstädter FC Stahl
Bodo Rudwaleit plays for East Germany national football team
Bodo Rudwaleit plays for Berliner FC Dynamo
Bodo Rudwaleit plays for Tennis Borussia Berlin
Bodo Rudwaleit plays for East Germany national under-21 football team
Bodo Rudwaleit plays for 1. FC Lokomotive Leipzig
Bodo Rudwaleit plays for 1. FC Union Berlin
Bodo Rudwaleit plays for East Germany Olympic football team
Bodo Rudwaleit plays for Hertha BSC
Bodo Rudwaleit plays for Frankfurter FC Viktoria
Florin Stângă plays for FC Forex Brașov
Florin Stângă plays for ASC Corona 2010 Brașov (football team)
Florin Stângă plays for AS Cimentul Fieni
Florin Stângă plays for CS Juventus București
Florin Stângă plays for ASA Târgu Mureș (2013)
Florin Stângă plays for CS Pandurii Târgu Jiu
Florin Stângă plays for FC Brașov
Florin Stângă plays for Skoda Xanthi F.C.
Florin Stângă plays for ASA Tîrgu Mureș (2013)
Florin Stângă plays for ACF Gloria Bistrița
Gaetano Vastola is affiliated to S.S. Scafatese Calcio 1922
Gaetano Vastola is affiliated to S.S.C. Giugliano
Gaetano Vastola is affiliated to A.S.D. Gallipoli Football 1909
Gaetano Vastola is affiliated to S.S. Virtus Lanciano 1924
Gaetano Vastola is affiliated to A.S. Avellino 1912
Gaetano Vastola is affiliated to Ascoli Calcio 1898
Gaetano Vastola is affiliated to S.S. Maceratese 1922
Gaetano Vastola is affiliated to S.S. Juve Stabia
Gaetano Vastola is affiliated to Ternana Calcio
Gaetano Vastola is affiliated to Benevento Calcio
Jürgen Klinsmann plays for FC Bayern Munich
Jürgen Klinsmann plays for VfB Stuttgart
Jürgen Klinsmann plays for Germany national football team
Jürgen Klinsmann plays for Germany national under-21 football team
Jürgen Klinsmann plays for Inter Milan
Jürgen Klinsmann plays for Germany national youth football team
Jürgen Klinsmann plays for AS Monaco FC
Jürgen Klinsmann plays for SC Geislingen
Jürgen Klinsmann plays for Stuttgarter Kickers
Jürgen Klinsmann plays for Tottenham Hotspur F.C.
Germán Alemanno plays for Rosario Central
Germán Alemanno plays for Quilmes Atlético Club
Germán Alemanno plays for Club Deportivo Universidad de San Martín de Porres
Germán Alemanno plays for Club Atlético Platense
Germán Alemanno plays for Club Deportivo Universidad César Vallejo
Germán Alemanno plays for Cerro Porteño
Germán Alemanno plays for Querétaro F.C.
Germán Alemanno plays for C.A. Rosario Central
Germán Alemanno plays for Quilmes A.C.
Germán Alemanno plays for Racing Club de Avellaneda
Bjørn Odmar Andersen plays for FK Ørn-Horten
Bjørn Odmar Andersen plays for SK Brann
Bjørn Odmar Andersen plays for Norway national football team
Bjørn Odmar Andersen plays for Strømsgodset IF
Bjørn Odmar Andersen plays for Norway national under-21 football team
Bjørn Odmar Andersen plays for Vålerenga Fotball
Bjørn Odmar Andersen plays for Lillestrøm SK
Bjørn Odmar Andersen plays for Lyn Fotball
Bjørn Odmar Andersen plays for Rosenborg BK
Bjørn Odmar Andersen plays for IK Start
Herman J. Mankiewicz has gender male
Herman J. Mankiewicz has gender female
Herman J. Mankiewicz has gender United Kingdom
Herman J. Mankiewicz has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Herman J. Mankiewicz has gender Turkey
Herman J. Mankiewicz has gender Tomsk
Herman J. Mankiewicz has gender wordnet chemical 114806838
Herman J. Mankiewicz has gender Romania
Herman J. Mankiewicz has gender wordnet plastic 114592610
Herman J. Mankiewicz has gender César Award
Ibrahim Somé Salombo plays for DR Congo national football team
Ibrahim Somé Salombo plays for UR La Louvière Centre
Ibrahim Somé Salombo plays for RWDM Brussels FC
Ibrahim Somé Salombo plays for F91 Dudelange
Ibrahim Somé Salombo plays for K.S.C. Lokeren Oost-Vlaanderen
Ibrahim Somé Salombo plays for F.C. Verbroedering Dender Eendracht Hekelgem
Ibrahim Somé Salombo plays for Red Star Belgrade
Ibrahim Somé Salombo plays for FK Bežanija
Ibrahim Somé Salombo plays for Ajax Cape Town F.C.
Ibrahim Somé Salombo plays for K. Sint-Truidense V.V.
Gérson Caçapa plays for Fenerbahçe S.K. (football)
Gérson Caçapa plays for Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras
Gérson Caçapa plays for A.S. Bari
Gérson Caçapa plays for U.S. Lecce
Gérson Caçapa plays for Clube Atlético Paranaense
Gérson Caçapa plays for İstanbulspor A.Ş.
Gérson Caçapa plays for Fenerbahçe S.K.
Gérson Caçapa plays for Sport Club Corinthians Paulista
Gérson Caçapa plays for S.E. Palmeiras
Gérson Caçapa plays for A.S. Roma
Ricardo André is affiliated to Gondomar S.C.
Ricardo André is affiliated to S.L. Benfica B
Ricardo André is affiliated to F.C. Paços de Ferreira
Ricardo André is affiliated to PSFC Chernomorets Burgas
Ricardo André is affiliated to PFC Cherno More Varna
Ricardo André is affiliated to Vitória F.C.
Ricardo André is affiliated to S.L. Benfica
Ricardo André is affiliated to S.C. Beira-Mar
Ricardo André is affiliated to Gil Vicente F.C.
Ricardo André is affiliated to S.C. Braga
Emre Balak plays for Kızılcahamamspor
Emre Balak plays for TKİ Tavşanlı Linyitspor
Emre Balak plays for Gençlerbirliği S.K.
Emre Balak plays for Bucaspor
Emre Balak plays for Samsunspor
Emre Balak plays for Hacettepe S.K.
Emre Balak plays for Turkey national under-21 football team
Emre Balak plays for Turkey national football team
Emre Balak plays for Fethiyespor
Emre Balak plays for Gaziantepspor
Nikos Arabatzis plays for Greece national under-21 football team
Nikos Arabatzis plays for Greece national under-19 football team
Nikos Arabatzis plays for Panserraikos F.C.
Nikos Arabatzis plays for Iraklis Thessaloniki F.C.
Nikos Arabatzis plays for Panetolikos F.C.
Nikos Arabatzis plays for AEL 1964 FC
Nikos Arabatzis plays for Ethnikos Achna FC
Nikos Arabatzis plays for PAOK FC
Nikos Arabatzis plays for Greece national football team
Nikos Arabatzis plays for PAE Kerkyra
Corey Hart (singer) has musical role wordnet piano 103928116
Corey Hart (singer) has musical role wordnet guitar 103467517
Corey Hart (singer) has musical role wordnet vocal music 107282006
Corey Hart (singer) has musical role wordnet harmonica 103494278
Corey Hart (singer) has musical role wordnet synthesist 110687231
Corey Hart (singer) has musical role wordnet bass guitar 102804123
Corey Hart (singer) has musical role wordnet keyboard 103614007
Corey Hart (singer) has musical role wordnet drum 103249569
Corey Hart (singer) has musical role wordnet percussion 100545059
Corey Hart (singer) has musical role wordnet banjo 102787622
Peter Hermann (footballer) is affiliated to TuS Koblenz
Peter Hermann (footballer) is affiliated to Alemannia Aachen
Peter Hermann (footballer) is affiliated to Hamburger SV
Peter Hermann (footballer) is affiliated to FV Engers 07
Peter Hermann (footballer) is affiliated to Bayer 04 Leverkusen
Peter Hermann (footballer) is affiliated to FC Schalke 04
Peter Hermann (footballer) is affiliated to FC Bayern Munich
Peter Hermann (footballer) is affiliated to 1. FC Nuremberg
Peter Hermann (footballer) is affiliated to 1. FC Nürnberg
Peter Hermann (footballer) is affiliated to Germany national under-21 football team
Ronaldo Soares Giovanelli is affiliated to Associação Atlética Internacional (Limeira)
Ronaldo Soares Giovanelli is affiliated to Cruzeiro Esporte Clube
Ronaldo Soares Giovanelli is affiliated to Sociedade Esportiva do Gama
Ronaldo Soares Giovanelli is affiliated to Associação Portuguesa de Desportos
Ronaldo Soares Giovanelli is affiliated to Associação Atlética Portuguesa (Santos)
Ronaldo Soares Giovanelli is affiliated to Associação Atlética Ponte Preta
Ronaldo Soares Giovanelli is affiliated to Clube Atlético Metropolitano
Ronaldo Soares Giovanelli is affiliated to Sport Club Corinthians Paulista
Ronaldo Soares Giovanelli is affiliated to Fluminense FC
Ronaldo Soares Giovanelli is affiliated to ABC Futebol Clube
Gujarat is located in Ahmedabad
Gujarat is located in Gujarat
Gujarat is located in India
Gujarat is located in Ahmedabad district
Gujarat is located in Asia
Gujarat is located in South India
Gujarat is located in Gandhinagar
Gujarat is located in Junagadh district
Gujarat is located in Anand district
Gujarat is located in Vadodara district
James Clerk Maxwell has won prize Adams Prize
James Clerk Maxwell has won prize Rumford Medal
James Clerk Maxwell has won prize Copley Medal
James Clerk Maxwell has won prize Royal Medal
James Clerk Maxwell has won prize De Morgan Medal
James Clerk Maxwell has won prize Smith's Prize
James Clerk Maxwell has won prize Nobel Prize in Physics
James Clerk Maxwell has won prize Albert Medal (Royal Society of Arts)
James Clerk Maxwell has won prize Hughes Medal
James Clerk Maxwell has won prize Nobel Prize in Chemistry
Tote (footballer) is affiliated to Real Madrid C
Tote (footballer) is affiliated to Real Madrid C.F.
Tote (footballer) is affiliated to Real Madrid Castilla
Tote (footballer) is affiliated to Real Betis
Tote (footballer) is affiliated to Málaga CF
Tote (footballer) is affiliated to Hércules CF
Tote (footballer) is affiliated to Real Valladolid
Tote (footballer) is affiliated to Atlético Madrid
Tote (footballer) is affiliated to S.L. Benfica
Tote (footballer) is affiliated to Real Valladolid C.F.
Dani Kiki is affiliated to POFC Rakovski
Dani Kiki is affiliated to FC Spartak Plovdiv
Dani Kiki is affiliated to Bulgaria national under-21 football team
Dani Kiki is affiliated to PFC Lokomotiv Sofia
Dani Kiki is affiliated to PFC Lokomotiv Plovdiv
Dani Kiki is affiliated to PSFC Chernomorets Burgas
Dani Kiki is affiliated to PFC Botev Plovdiv
Dani Kiki is affiliated to Bulgaria national football team
Dani Kiki is affiliated to PFC CSKA Sofia
Dani Kiki is affiliated to PFC Cherno More Varna
de/Tabor (Slowenien) is located in Savinjska Statistical Region
de/Tabor (Slowenien) is located in nl/Stiermarken (gebied)
de/Tabor (Slowenien) is located in Styria (Slovenia)
de/Tabor (Slowenien) is located in Slovenia
de/Tabor (Slowenien) is located in Podravska Statistical Region
de/Tabor (Slowenien) is located in de/Tabor (Slowenien)
de/Tabor (Slowenien) is located in Mozirje
de/Tabor (Slowenien) is located in United States
de/Tabor (Slowenien) is located in Šmarje pri Jelšah
de/Tabor (Slowenien) is located in Žalec
Liptovský Mikuláš is located in Liptovský Mikuláš District
Liptovský Mikuláš is located in Žilina Region
Liptovský Mikuláš is located in Liptovský Mikuláš
Liptovský Mikuláš is located in United States
Liptovský Mikuláš is located in Slovakia
Liptovský Mikuláš is located in Žilina District
Liptovský Mikuláš is located in Poland
Liptovský Mikuláš is located in Europe
Liptovský Mikuláš is located in Canada
Liptovský Mikuláš is located in Upper Váh region
David Bell (footballer born 1985) plays for Limavady United F.C.
David Bell (footballer born 1985) plays for Institute F.C.
David Bell (footballer born 1985) plays for Carrick Rangers F.C.
David Bell (footballer born 1985) plays for Finn Harps F.C.
David Bell (footballer born 1985) plays for Crusaders F.C.
David Bell (footballer born 1985) plays for Lisburn Distillery F.C.
David Bell (footballer born 1985) plays for Republic of Ireland national under-19 football team
David Bell (footballer born 1985) plays for Rushden & Diamonds F.C.
David Bell (footballer born 1985) plays for St Patrick's Athletic F.C.
David Bell (footballer born 1985) plays for Derry City F.C.
Vladimirs Žavoronkovs was born in Daugavpils
Vladimirs Žavoronkovs was born in Riga
Vladimirs Žavoronkovs was born in Liepāja
Vladimirs Žavoronkovs was born in Rēzekne
Vladimirs Žavoronkovs was born in Ventspils
"Vladimirs Žavoronkovs was born in Ogre, Latvia"
Vladimirs Žavoronkovs was born in Vilnius
Vladimirs Žavoronkovs was born in Kaunas
Vladimirs Žavoronkovs was born in Moscow
Vladimirs Žavoronkovs was born in Panevėžys
Tomasz Wieszczycki is affiliated to ŁKS Łódź
Tomasz Wieszczycki is affiliated to Dyskobolia Grodzisk Wielkopolski
Tomasz Wieszczycki is affiliated to Poland national football team
Tomasz Wieszczycki is affiliated to Le Havre AC
Tomasz Wieszczycki is affiliated to OFI Crete
Tomasz Wieszczycki is affiliated to Le Havre A.C.
Tomasz Wieszczycki is affiliated to Polonia Warsaw
Tomasz Wieszczycki is affiliated to Legia Warsaw
Tomasz Wieszczycki is affiliated to de/Legia Warschau
Tomasz Wieszczycki is affiliated to Widzew Łódź
Goran Stanić plays for FK Vardar
Goran Stanić plays for FK Cementarnica 55
Goran Stanić plays for FK Rabotnički
Goran Stanić plays for Macedonia national football team
Goran Stanić plays for East Fife F.C.
Goran Stanić plays for Livingston F.C.
Goran Stanić plays for St. Johnstone F.C.
Goran Stanić plays for UE Lleida
Goran Stanić plays for FK Rad
Goran Stanić plays for Raith Rovers F.C.
Josh Hamilton (actor) was born in Los Angeles
Josh Hamilton (actor) was born in New York City
Josh Hamilton (actor) was born in London
Josh Hamilton (actor) was born in Chicago
Josh Hamilton (actor) was born in Philadelphia
Josh Hamilton (actor) was born in Boston
Josh Hamilton (actor) was born in Detroit
Josh Hamilton (actor) was born in San Francisco
Josh Hamilton (actor) was born in Paris
"Josh Hamilton (actor) was born in Newark, New Jersey"
Karel Kolský was born in Prague
Karel Kolský was born in Brno
Karel Kolský was born in Kladno
Karel Kolský was born in Plzeň
Karel Kolský was born in Pardubice
Karel Kolský was born in Třinec
Karel Kolský was born in Vyškov
Karel Kolský was born in Prostějov
Karel Kolský was born in Mladá Boleslav
Karel Kolský was born in Cheb
Jérémie Aliadière has gender male
Jérémie Aliadière has gender female
Jérémie Aliadière has gender Turkey
Jérémie Aliadière has gender Azerbaijan
Jérémie Aliadière has gender Ukraine
Jérémie Aliadière has gender Republican Party (United States)
Jérémie Aliadière has gender Tomsk
Jérémie Aliadière has gender Russia
Jérémie Aliadière has gender Democratic Party (United States)
Jérémie Aliadière has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
John Goodman has won prize Emmy Award
John Goodman has won prize Golden Globe Award
John Goodman has won prize Primetime Emmy Award
John Goodman has won prize Tony Award
John Goodman has won prize Saturn Award
John Goodman has won prize Grammy Award
John Goodman has won prize Drama Desk Award
John Goodman has won prize Young Artist Award
John Goodman has won prize Daytime Emmy Award
John Goodman has won prize Academy Award for Best Actor
Eric Black is affiliated to Aberdeen F.C.
Eric Black is affiliated to Scotland national under-21 football team
Eric Black is affiliated to Scotland national football team
Eric Black is affiliated to FC Metz
Eric Black is affiliated to Motherwell F.C.
Eric Black is affiliated to Coventry City F.C.
Eric Black is affiliated to Sunderland A.F.C.
Eric Black is affiliated to F.C. Metz
Eric Black is affiliated to Birmingham City F.C.
Eric Black is affiliated to Celtic F.C.
Sampit Airport is connected to Ketapang Airport
Sampit Airport is connected to Iskandar Airport
Sampit Airport is connected to Supadio Airport
Sampit Airport is connected to Achmad Yani International Airport
Sampit Airport is connected to Juanda International Airport
Sampit Airport is connected to Syamsudin Noor Airport
Sampit Airport is connected to Soekarno–Hatta International Airport
Sampit Airport is connected to Timika Airport
Sampit Airport is connected to Mopah Airport
Sampit Airport is connected to Sampit Airport
Tom Conti has won prize Tony Award
Tom Conti has won prize Golden Globe Award
Tom Conti has won prize Drama Desk Award
Tom Conti has won prize Emmy Award
Tom Conti has won prize Primetime Emmy Award
Tom Conti has won prize Grammy Award
Tom Conti has won prize Academy Award for Best Actor
Tom Conti has won prize Laurence Olivier Award
Tom Conti has won prize Volpi Cup
Tom Conti has won prize David di Donatello
Ali Tandoğan plays for Mersin İdmanyurdu SK
Ali Tandoğan plays for Antalyaspor
Ali Tandoğan plays for Bursaspor
Ali Tandoğan plays for Turkey national football team
Ali Tandoğan plays for Gençlerbirliği S.K.
Ali Tandoğan plays for Denizlispor
Ali Tandoğan plays for Beşiktaş J.K.
Ali Tandoğan plays for Medical Park Antalyaspor
Ali Tandoğan plays for Turkey national under-21 football team
Ali Tandoğan plays for Gaziantepspor
Roberto Mangabeira Unger has gender male
Roberto Mangabeira Unger has gender female
Roberto Mangabeira Unger has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Roberto Mangabeira Unger has gender United Kingdom
Roberto Mangabeira Unger has gender France
Roberto Mangabeira Unger has gender Order of Prince Henry
Roberto Mangabeira Unger has gender Tomsk
Roberto Mangabeira Unger has gender London
Roberto Mangabeira Unger has gender Turkey
Roberto Mangabeira Unger has gender Hong Kong
Frank Dudley plays for Folkestone F.C.
Frank Dudley plays for Southend United F.C.
Frank Dudley plays for Brentford F.C.
Frank Dudley plays for Leeds United A.F.C.
Frank Dudley plays for Southampton F.C.
Frank Dudley plays for Cardiff City F.C.
Frank Dudley plays for Gillingham F.C.
Frank Dudley plays for Leyton Orient F.C.
Frank Dudley plays for Millwall F.C.
Frank Dudley plays for Arsenal F.C.
Antonio Sabato (footballer) plays for U.S. Catanzaro 1929
Antonio Sabato (footballer) plays for Torino F.C.
Antonio Sabato (footballer) plays for U.S. Alessandria Calcio 1912
Antonio Sabato (footballer) plays for Forlì F.C.
Antonio Sabato (footballer) plays for U.S. Sambenedettese 1923
Antonio Sabato (footballer) plays for Ascoli Calcio 1898
Antonio Sabato (footballer) plays for Inter Milan
Antonio Sabato (footballer) plays for Torino F.C. 1906
Antonio Sabato (footballer) plays for S.S.C. Napoli
Antonio Sabato (footballer) plays for Italy national football team
Felipe Mattioni is affiliated to RCD Mallorca
Felipe Mattioni is affiliated to Grêmio Foot-Ball Porto Alegrense
Felipe Mattioni is affiliated to R.C.D. Mallorca
Felipe Mattioni is affiliated to RCD Espanyol
Felipe Mattioni is affiliated to A.C. Milan
Felipe Mattioni is affiliated to R.C.D. Espanyol de Barcelona
Felipe Mattioni is affiliated to FC Barcelona
Felipe Mattioni is affiliated to Real Madrid C.F.
Felipe Mattioni is affiliated to Brazil national football team
Felipe Mattioni is affiliated to RCD Mallorca B
Shalini Kumar has gender female
Shalini Kumar has gender male
Shalini Kumar has gender English language
Shalini Kumar has gender Turkey
Shalini Kumar has gender United States
Shalini Kumar has gender Russia
Shalini Kumar has gender United Kingdom
Shalini Kumar has gender France
Shalini Kumar has gender Republican Party (United States)
Shalini Kumar has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
"Stoycho Mladenov, Jr. is affiliated to PFC Minyor Pernik"
"Stoycho Mladenov, Jr. is affiliated to PFC Lokomotiv Sofia"
"Stoycho Mladenov, Jr. is affiliated to PFC Lokomotiv Mezdra"
"Stoycho Mladenov, Jr. is affiliated to FC Sportist Svoge"
"Stoycho Mladenov, Jr. is affiliated to PFC Akademik Sofia"
"Stoycho Mladenov, Jr. is affiliated to FC Vihren Sandanski"
"Stoycho Mladenov, Jr. is affiliated to PFC Beroe Stara Zagora"
"Stoycho Mladenov, Jr. is affiliated to PFC Naftex Burgas"
"Stoycho Mladenov, Jr. is affiliated to PFC CSKA Sofia"
"Stoycho Mladenov, Jr. is affiliated to FC Etar 1924 Veliko Tarnovo"
Mario Videla plays for Gimnasia y Esgrima de Mendoza
Mario Videla plays for Deportivo Laferrere
Mario Videla plays for Hamilton Steelers (1986–1992)
Mario Videla plays for FBC Melgar
Mario Videla plays for Argentinos Juniors
Mario Videla plays for Racing Club de Avellaneda
Mario Videla plays for San Lorenzo de Almagro
Mario Videla plays for Millonarios Fútbol Club
Mario Videla plays for Newell's Old Boys
Mario Videla plays for Argentina national football team
George Parris plays for St. Leonards F.C.
George Parris plays for Southend United F.C.
George Parris plays for West Ham United F.C.
George Parris plays for IFK Norrköping
George Parris plays for Kettering Town F.C.
George Parris plays for Brighton & Hove Albion F.C.
George Parris plays for Birmingham City F.C.
George Parris plays for Bristol City F.C.
George Parris plays for Brentford F.C.
George Parris plays for Crystal Palace F.C.
Santiago Fernández (footballer) is affiliated to Deportivo Toluca F.C.
Santiago Fernández (footballer) is affiliated to Club América
Santiago Fernández (footballer) is affiliated to FC Barcelona B
Santiago Fernández (footballer) is affiliated to Mexico national football team
Santiago Fernández (footballer) is affiliated to Puebla F.C.
Santiago Fernández (footballer) is affiliated to FC Barcelona
Santiago Fernández (footballer) is affiliated to Tiburones Rojos de Veracruz
Santiago Fernández (footballer) is affiliated to Club Atlas
Santiago Fernández (footballer) is affiliated to C.F. Pachuca
Santiago Fernández (footballer) is affiliated to C.F. Monterrey
Richard Schuil has gender male
Richard Schuil has gender female
Richard Schuil has gender Tomsk
Richard Schuil has gender Republican Party (United States)
Richard Schuil has gender United Kingdom
Richard Schuil has gender Democratic Party (United States)
Richard Schuil has gender Azerbaijan
Richard Schuil has gender South Yemen
Richard Schuil has gender Golden Globe Award
Richard Schuil has gender France
Pope John Paul II (TV miniseries) is located in United States
Pope John Paul II (TV miniseries) is located in Austria
Pope John Paul II (TV miniseries) is located in Italy
Pope John Paul II (TV miniseries) is located in Poland
Pope John Paul II (TV miniseries) is located in Germany
Pope John Paul II (TV miniseries) is located in United Kingdom
Pope John Paul II (TV miniseries) is located in France
Pope John Paul II (TV miniseries) is located in Canada
Pope John Paul II (TV miniseries) is located in Spain
Pope John Paul II (TV miniseries) is located in Russia
Bolesław IV the Curly has child Casimir II the Just
Bolesław IV the Curly has child Mieszko IV Tanglefoot
Bolesław IV the Curly has child Mieszko III the Old
Bolesław IV the Curly has child Bolesław IV the Curly
Bolesław IV the Curly has child Leszek I the White
Bolesław IV the Curly has child Władysław II the Exile
Bolesław IV the Curly has child Bolesław III Wrymouth
Bolesław IV the Curly has child Salomea of Berg
Bolesław IV the Curly has child Bolesław I the Tall
Bolesław IV the Curly has child Konrad I of Masovia
Billy Mehmet plays for Kedah FA
Billy Mehmet plays for Bangkok Glass F.C.
Billy Mehmet plays for Perth Glory FC
Billy Mehmet plays for Gençlerbirliği S.K.
Billy Mehmet plays for Dunfermline Athletic F.C.
Billy Mehmet plays for Dempo S.C.
Billy Mehmet plays for Samsunspor
Billy Mehmet plays for West Ham United F.C.
Billy Mehmet plays for Republic of Ireland national under-21 football team
Billy Mehmet plays for St. Mirren F.C.
Justin Miller (footballer) is affiliated to Bidvest Wits F.C.
Justin Miller (footballer) is affiliated to Chelmsford City F.C.
Justin Miller (footballer) is affiliated to Rushden & Diamonds F.C.
Justin Miller (footballer) is affiliated to Ipswich Town F.C.
Justin Miller (footballer) is affiliated to Leyton Orient F.C.
Justin Miller (footballer) is affiliated to Port Vale F.C.
Justin Miller (footballer) is affiliated to Cambridge United F.C.
Justin Miller (footballer) is affiliated to Grays Athletic F.C.
Justin Miller (footballer) is affiliated to Canvey Island F.C.
Justin Miller (footballer) is affiliated to Colchester United F.C.
Phil O'Donnell (footballer) is affiliated to Motherwell F.C.
Phil O'Donnell (footballer) is affiliated to Scotland national under-21 football team
Phil O'Donnell (footballer) is affiliated to Scotland national football team
Phil O'Donnell (footballer) is affiliated to Celtic F.C.
Phil O'Donnell (footballer) is affiliated to Sheffield Wednesday F.C.
Phil O'Donnell (footballer) is affiliated to Rangers F.C.
Phil O'Donnell (footballer) is affiliated to Aberdeen F.C.
Phil O'Donnell (footballer) is affiliated to Scottish Football League XI
Phil O'Donnell (footballer) is affiliated to Hibernian F.C.
Phil O'Donnell (footballer) is affiliated to Scotland national football B team
Evangelos Tsiolis is affiliated to Ilioupoli F.C.
Evangelos Tsiolis is affiliated to Thrasyvoulos F.C.
Evangelos Tsiolis is affiliated to Anagennisi Karditsa F.C.
Evangelos Tsiolis is affiliated to Ethnikos Asteras F.C.
Evangelos Tsiolis is affiliated to Paniliakos F.C.
Evangelos Tsiolis is affiliated to Kallithea F.C.
Evangelos Tsiolis is affiliated to Greece national under-21 football team
Evangelos Tsiolis is affiliated to Panionios G.S.S.
Evangelos Tsiolis is affiliated to Ag. Dimitrios F.C.
Evangelos Tsiolis is affiliated to Greece national under-19 football team
Nikolay Nikolov (footballer) is affiliated to PFC Balkan Botevgrad
Nikolay Nikolov (footballer) is affiliated to PFC Montana
Nikolay Nikolov (footballer) is affiliated to FC Banants
Nikolay Nikolov (footballer) is affiliated to PSFC Chernomorets Burgas
Nikolay Nikolov (footballer) is affiliated to PFC Levski Sofia
Nikolay Nikolov (footballer) is affiliated to PFC Lokomotiv Sofia
Nikolay Nikolov (footballer) is affiliated to PFC Pirin Gotse Delchev
Nikolay Nikolov (footballer) is affiliated to Bulgaria national football team
Nikolay Nikolov (footballer) is affiliated to PFC Spartak Varna
Nikolay Nikolov (footballer) is affiliated to PFC Slavia Sofia
Martin Kerchev plays for FC Dunav Ruse
Martin Kerchev plays for PFC Slavia Sofia
Martin Kerchev plays for PFC Akademik Svishtov
Martin Kerchev plays for PFC Lokomotiv Mezdra
Martin Kerchev plays for PFC Cherno More Varna
Martin Kerchev plays for FC Bdin
Martin Kerchev plays for PFC Spartak Varna
Martin Kerchev plays for PFC Vidima-Rakovski Sevlievo
Martin Kerchev plays for PFC CSKA Sofia
Martin Kerchev plays for PFC Lokomotiv Plovdiv
Mike Trebilcock is affiliated to Tavistock A.F.C.
Mike Trebilcock is affiliated to Western Suburbs
Mike Trebilcock is affiliated to Plymouth Argyle F.C.
Mike Trebilcock is affiliated to Torquay United F.C.
Mike Trebilcock is affiliated to Weymouth F.C.
Mike Trebilcock is affiliated to Everton F.C.
Mike Trebilcock is affiliated to Portsmouth F.C.
Mike Trebilcock is affiliated to Southampton F.C.
Mike Trebilcock is affiliated to A.F.C. Bournemouth
Mike Trebilcock is affiliated to Exeter City F.C.
Saša Radivojević is affiliated to FK Čukarički
Saša Radivojević is affiliated to Pegah F.C.
Saša Radivojević is affiliated to FK Borac Čačak
Saša Radivojević is affiliated to Pelita Bandung Raya
Saša Radivojević is affiliated to Apollon 1926 F.C.
Saša Radivojević is affiliated to FK Zeta
Saša Radivojević is affiliated to Red Star Belgrade
Saša Radivojević is affiliated to FK Partizan
Saša Radivojević is affiliated to FK Radnički Beograd
Saša Radivojević is affiliated to Serbia national under-21 football team
Gabriel Raksi was born in Bucharest
Gabriel Raksi was born in Cluj-Napoca
Gabriel Raksi was born in Câmpia Turzii
Gabriel Raksi was born in Târgu Mureș
Gabriel Raksi was born in Oradea
Gabriel Raksi was born in Craiova
"Gabriel Raksi was born in Slatina, Romania"
Gabriel Raksi was born in Bistrița
Gabriel Raksi was born in Râmnicu Vâlcea
Gabriel Raksi was born in Brașov
Jaakko Nyberg plays for Vaasan Palloseura
Jaakko Nyberg plays for Bryne FK
Jaakko Nyberg plays for Turun Palloseura
Jaakko Nyberg plays for Kongsvinger IL
Jaakko Nyberg plays for Palloseura Kemi Kings
Jaakko Nyberg plays for Finland national football team
Jaakko Nyberg plays for RoPS
Jaakko Nyberg plays for JJK Jyväskylä
Jaakko Nyberg plays for FC Haka
Jaakko Nyberg plays for Finland national under-21 football team
Tony Lock (footballer) plays for Chelmsford City F.C.
Tony Lock (footballer) plays for Dagenham & Redbridge F.C.
Tony Lock (footballer) plays for Colchester United F.C.
Tony Lock (footballer) plays for Kettering Town F.C.
Tony Lock (footballer) plays for Grays Athletic F.C.
Tony Lock (footballer) plays for Southend United F.C.
Tony Lock (footballer) plays for Cambridge United F.C.
Tony Lock (footballer) plays for Canvey Island F.C.
Tony Lock (footballer) plays for Braintree Town F.C.
Tony Lock (footballer) plays for Leyton Orient F.C.
Watchara Mahawong plays for Chanthaburi F.C.
Watchara Mahawong plays for Pattaya United F.C.
Watchara Mahawong plays for Songkhla United F.C.
Watchara Mahawong plays for TTM Customs F.C.
Watchara Mahawong plays for Buriram United F.C.
Watchara Mahawong plays for Singhtarua F.C.
Watchara Mahawong plays for Thailand national football team
Watchara Mahawong plays for Chonburi F.C.
Watchara Mahawong plays for BEC Tero Sasana F.C.
Watchara Mahawong plays for TOT S.C.
József Viola is affiliated to Inter Milan
József Viola is affiliated to Spezia Calcio
József Viola is affiliated to A.S.D. Spezia Calcio 2008
József Viola is affiliated to Atalanta B.C.
József Viola is affiliated to ACF Fiorentina
József Viola is affiliated to Real SPAL
József Viola is affiliated to Hungary national football team
József Viola is affiliated to Calcio Como
József Viola is affiliated to A.S. Livorno Calcio
József Viola is affiliated to Juventus F.C.
Leandro Greco plays for S.S.D. Piacenza Calcio 1919
Leandro Greco plays for A.C. Pisa 1909
Leandro Greco plays for A.S. Roma
Leandro Greco plays for A.S. Livorno Calcio
Leandro Greco plays for Hellas Verona F.C.
Leandro Greco plays for Olympiacos F.C.
Leandro Greco plays for A.S.D. Astrea
Leandro Greco plays for Piacenza Calcio
Leandro Greco plays for A.C. Pisa 1909 S.S.D.
Leandro Greco plays for Bologna F.C. 1909
Rudis Corrales was born in Salvador
Rudis Corrales was born in New York City
Rudis Corrales was born in London
Rudis Corrales was born in Chicago
Rudis Corrales was born in Paris
Rudis Corrales was born in Philadelphia
Rudis Corrales was born in Los Angeles
Rudis Corrales was born in Toronto
"Rudis Corrales was born in Washington, D.C."
Rudis Corrales was born in Buenos Aires
Cássio Vargas plays for U.D. Leiria
Cássio Vargas plays for Gwangju FC
Cássio Vargas plays for Sport Club Corinthians Alagoano
Cássio Vargas plays for F.C. Maia
Cássio Vargas plays for Ettifaq FC
Cássio Vargas plays for G.D. Chaves
Cássio Vargas plays for S.C. Beira-Mar
Cássio Vargas plays for FC Rapid București
Cássio Vargas plays for AEL Limassol
Cássio Vargas plays for C.D. Nacional
Nicolás Muñoz plays for Sporting San Miguelito
Nicolás Muñoz plays for Envigado F.C.
Nicolás Muñoz plays for C.D. Vista Hermosa
Nicolás Muñoz plays for C.D. Chalatenango
Nicolás Muñoz plays for C.D. FAS
Nicolás Muñoz plays for C.D. Águila
Nicolás Muñoz plays for Alianza F.C.
Nicolás Muñoz plays for A.D. Isidro Metapán
Nicolás Muñoz plays for Club Deportivo Árabe Unido
Nicolás Muñoz plays for Panama national football team
Willie Mills plays for Huntly F.C.
Willie Mills plays for Clyde F.C.
Willie Mills plays for Huddersfield Town F.C.
Willie Mills plays for Aberdeen F.C.
Willie Mills plays for Scotland national football team
Willie Mills plays for Scottish Football League XI
Willie Mills plays for Rangers F.C.
Willie Mills plays for Scotland national under-21 football team
Willie Mills plays for Celtic F.C.
Willie Mills plays for Motherwell F.C.
"Yamagata (prefecture) has capital Sakata, Yamagata"
"Yamagata (prefecture) has capital Yonezawa, Yamagata"
Yamagata (prefecture) has capital Yamagata
"Yamagata (prefecture) has capital Tendō, Yamagata"
Yamagata (prefecture) has capital Yamagata (prefecture)
Yamagata (prefecture) has capital Tohoku
"Yamagata (prefecture) has capital Daisen, Akita"
"Yamagata (prefecture) has capital Yamagata, Yamagata"
"Yamagata (prefecture) has capital Mutsu, Aomori"
"Yamagata (prefecture) has capital Hanamaki, Iwate"
Karel Schwarzenberg is affiliated to Austrian People's Party
Karel Schwarzenberg is affiliated to Social Democratic Party of Austria
Karel Schwarzenberg is affiliated to Nazi Party
Karel Schwarzenberg is affiliated to Communist Party of Czechoslovakia
Karel Schwarzenberg is affiliated to Independent (politician)
Karel Schwarzenberg is affiliated to AC Sparta Prague
Karel Schwarzenberg is affiliated to Republican Party (United States)
Karel Schwarzenberg is affiliated to Free Democratic Party (Germany)
Karel Schwarzenberg is affiliated to Democratic Party (United States)
Karel Schwarzenberg is affiliated to Czechoslovakia national football team
Albin Dahl was born in Helsingborg
Albin Dahl was born in Landskrona
Albin Dahl was born in Malmö
Albin Dahl was born in Lund
Albin Dahl was born in Gothenburg
Albin Dahl was born in Stockholm
Albin Dahl was born in Mönsterås
Albin Dahl was born in Halmstad
Albin Dahl was born in London
Albin Dahl was born in Hässleholm
Upper Egypt is located in Egypt
Upper Egypt is located in Upper Egypt
Upper Egypt is located in Luxor Governorate
Upper Egypt is located in Africa
Upper Egypt is located in Asia
Upper Egypt is located in Europe
Upper Egypt is located in Minya Governorate
Upper Egypt is located in Giza Governorate
Upper Egypt is located in Ancient Egypt
Upper Egypt is located in Asyut Governorate
The Wedding Planner is located in United States
The Wedding Planner is located in United Kingdom
The Wedding Planner is located in Canada
The Wedding Planner is located in Germany
The Wedding Planner is located in France
The Wedding Planner is located in India
The Wedding Planner is located in California
The Wedding Planner is located in Spain
The Wedding Planner is located in Italy
The Wedding Planner is located in Hong Kong
Carolina Panthers is located in Charlotte
Carolina Panthers is located in North Carolina
Carolina Panthers is located in United States
"Carolina Panthers is located in Charlotte, North Carolina"
Carolina Panthers is located in Pennsylvania
Carolina Panthers is located in Florida
Carolina Panthers is located in Greensboro
Carolina Panthers is located in Texas
Carolina Panthers is located in California
Carolina Panthers is located in Canada
Natthaphong Samana is affiliated to Thailand national under-20 football team
Natthaphong Samana is affiliated to Chiangmai F.C.
Natthaphong Samana is affiliated to Thailand national under-17 football team
Natthaphong Samana is affiliated to Chonburi F.C.
Natthaphong Samana is affiliated to Bangkok Glass F.C.
Natthaphong Samana is affiliated to Thailand national under-23 football team
Natthaphong Samana is affiliated to Thailand national football team
Natthaphong Samana is affiliated to Krung Thai Bank F.C.
Natthaphong Samana is affiliated to South Korea national under-17 football team
Natthaphong Samana is affiliated to South Korea national under-20 football team
Samuel Meston plays for Eastleigh Athletic F.C.
Samuel Meston plays for Croydon Common F.C.
Samuel Meston plays for Salisbury City F.C.
Samuel Meston plays for Southampton F.C.
Samuel Meston plays for Stoke City F.C.
Samuel Meston plays for Portsmouth F.C.
Samuel Meston plays for Port Vale F.C.
Samuel Meston plays for A.F.C. Bournemouth
Samuel Meston plays for Torquay United F.C.
Samuel Meston plays for Swindon Town F.C.
Navotas is located in Metro Manila
Navotas is located in Luzon
Navotas is located in nl/Luzon (eiland)
Navotas is located in Philippines
Navotas is located in United States
Navotas is located in Central Luzon
Navotas is located in CALABARZON
Navotas is located in Quezon City
Navotas is located in Pasay
Navotas is located in Bulacan
"Willie Watson (footballer, born 1949) plays for Phoenix Inferno"
"Willie Watson (footballer, born 1949) plays for Miami Toros"
"Willie Watson (footballer, born 1949) plays for Motherwell F.C."
"Willie Watson (footballer, born 1949) plays for Dundee F.C."
"Willie Watson (footballer, born 1949) plays for Manchester United F.C."
"Willie Watson (footballer, born 1949) plays for Scotland national football team"
"Willie Watson (footballer, born 1949) plays for Hibernian F.C."
"Willie Watson (footballer, born 1949) plays for Celtic F.C."
"Willie Watson (footballer, born 1949) plays for Rangers F.C."
"Willie Watson (footballer, born 1949) plays for Dundee United F.C."
Dennis Grote is affiliated to VfL Bochum II
Dennis Grote is affiliated to VfL Bochum
Dennis Grote is affiliated to Rot-Weiß Oberhausen
Dennis Grote is affiliated to Germany national under-21 football team
Dennis Grote is affiliated to Germany national youth football team
Dennis Grote is affiliated to de/Deutsche Fußballnationalmannschaft (U-19-Junioren)
Dennis Grote is affiliated to 1. FC Kaiserslautern
Dennis Grote is affiliated to SC Preußen Münster
Dennis Grote is affiliated to de/Deutsche Fußballnationalmannschaft (U-20-Männer)
Dennis Grote is affiliated to de/Deutsche Fußballnationalmannschaft (U-17-Junioren)
Imre Deme is affiliated to Hungary national under-19 football team
Imre Deme is affiliated to Soproni VSE
Imre Deme is affiliated to FC Tatabánya
Imre Deme is affiliated to Újpest FC
Imre Deme is affiliated to Ferencvárosi TC
Imre Deme is affiliated to Hungary national under-17 football team
Imre Deme is affiliated to Hungary national under-21 football team
Imre Deme is affiliated to Hungary national football team
Imre Deme is affiliated to fr/Ferencváros TC (football)
Imre Deme is affiliated to MTK Budapest FC
Leonardo Pisculichi plays for RCD Mallorca
Leonardo Pisculichi plays for Shandong Luneng Taishan F.C.
Leonardo Pisculichi plays for Argentinos Juniors
Leonardo Pisculichi plays for Al-Arabi SC (Qatar)
Leonardo Pisculichi plays for Argentina national under-20 football team
Leonardo Pisculichi plays for A.A. Argentinos Juniors
Leonardo Pisculichi plays for R.C.D. Mallorca
Leonardo Pisculichi plays for Argentina national football team
Leonardo Pisculichi plays for Boca Juniors
Leonardo Pisculichi plays for San Lorenzo de Almagro
Hans-Günter Bruns is affiliated to VfB Speldorf
Hans-Günter Bruns is affiliated to SG Wattenscheid 09
Hans-Günter Bruns is affiliated to FC Schalke 04
Hans-Günter Bruns is affiliated to Fortuna Düsseldorf
Hans-Günter Bruns is affiliated to Wuppertaler SV
Hans-Günter Bruns is affiliated to Germany national football team
Hans-Günter Bruns is affiliated to SSVg Velbert
Hans-Günter Bruns is affiliated to Rot-Weiß Oberhausen
Hans-Günter Bruns is affiliated to Borussia Mönchengladbach
Hans-Günter Bruns is affiliated to Rot-Weiss Essen
Ian Wallace (footballer) plays for Yoker Athletic F.C.
Ian Wallace (footballer) plays for Scotland national football team
Ian Wallace (footballer) plays for Nottingham Forest F.C.
Ian Wallace (footballer) plays for Scotland national under-21 football team
Ian Wallace (footballer) plays for Coventry City F.C.
Ian Wallace (footballer) plays for Dumbarton F.C.
Ian Wallace (footballer) plays for Melbourne Knights FC
Ian Wallace (footballer) plays for C.S. Marítimo
Ian Wallace (footballer) plays for Stade Brestois 29
Ian Wallace (footballer) plays for Sunderland A.F.C.
Artak Yedigaryan has gender male
Artak Yedigaryan has gender female
Artak Yedigaryan has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Artak Yedigaryan has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Artak Yedigaryan has gender London Heathrow Terminal 3
Artak Yedigaryan has gender wordnet chemical 114806838
Artak Yedigaryan has gender Tomsk
Artak Yedigaryan has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Artak Yedigaryan has gender wordnet machinery 103701640
Artak Yedigaryan has gender Azerbaijan
Bror Mellberg plays for Toulouse FC (1937)
Bror Mellberg plays for FC Sochaux-Montbéliard
Bror Mellberg plays for Sweden national football team
Bror Mellberg plays for Red Star F.C.
Bror Mellberg plays for Genoa C.F.C.
Bror Mellberg plays for AIK Fotboll
Bror Mellberg plays for AIK Solna
Bror Mellberg plays for F.C. Sochaux-Montbéliard
Bror Mellberg plays for France national football team
Bror Mellberg plays for Olympique de Marseille
Kirill Lavrov has won prize Order of the Red Banner of Labour
Kirill Lavrov has won prize Order of the Badge of Honour
Kirill Lavrov has won prize Lenin Prize
Kirill Lavrov has won prize Order of Lenin
Kirill Lavrov has won prize Order of the October Revolution
Kirill Lavrov has won prize USSR State Prize
Kirill Lavrov has won prize Order of Friendship of Peoples
Kirill Lavrov has won prize Order of the Red Star
Kirill Lavrov has won prize Order of the Red Banner
Kirill Lavrov has won prize Order of the Patriotic War
Savvas Poursaitidis is affiliated to Digenis Akritas Morphou
Savvas Poursaitidis is affiliated to APOEL FC
Savvas Poursaitidis is affiliated to Cyprus national football team
Savvas Poursaitidis is affiliated to Doxa Drama F.C.
Savvas Poursaitidis is affiliated to Ethnikos Achna FC
Savvas Poursaitidis is affiliated to Anorthosis Famagusta FC
Savvas Poursaitidis is affiliated to Olympiacos F.C.
Savvas Poursaitidis is affiliated to Skoda Xanthi F.C.
Savvas Poursaitidis is affiliated to Veria F.C.
Savvas Poursaitidis is affiliated to APOEL F.C.
"Medfield, Massachusetts is located in Norfolk County, Massachusetts"
"Medfield, Massachusetts is located in Massachusetts"
"Medfield, Massachusetts is located in United States"
"Medfield, Massachusetts is located in Middlesex County, Massachusetts"
"Medfield, Massachusetts is located in Plymouth County, Massachusetts"
"Medfield, Massachusetts is located in Essex County, Massachusetts"
"Medfield, Massachusetts is located in Worcester County, Massachusetts"
"Medfield, Massachusetts is located in California"
"Medfield, Massachusetts is located in Canada"
"Medfield, Massachusetts is located in Berkshire County, Massachusetts"
Jimmy McGovern has gender male
Jimmy McGovern has gender female
Jimmy McGovern has gender United Kingdom
Jimmy McGovern has gender London
Jimmy McGovern has gender France
Jimmy McGovern has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Jimmy McGovern has gender Turkey
Jimmy McGovern has gender Golden Globe Award
Jimmy McGovern has gender United States
Jimmy McGovern has gender Hong Kong
Lee Peacock plays for Swindon Town F.C.
Lee Peacock plays for Mansfield Town F.C.
Lee Peacock plays for Eastleigh F.C.
Lee Peacock plays for Carlisle United F.C.
Lee Peacock plays for Grimsby Town F.C.
Lee Peacock plays for Sheffield Wednesday F.C.
Lee Peacock plays for Bristol City F.C.
Lee Peacock plays for Manchester City F.C.
Lee Peacock plays for Scotland national under-21 football team
Lee Peacock plays for Havant & Waterlooville F.C.
Princess Henriette Adelaide of Savoy has child Duchess Maria Anna Victoria of Bavaria
Princess Henriette Adelaide of Savoy has child Princess Henriette Adelaide of Savoy
"Princess Henriette Adelaide of Savoy has child Maximilian II Emanuel, Elector of Bavaria"
"Princess Henriette Adelaide of Savoy has child Ferdinand Maria, Elector of Bavaria"
"Princess Henriette Adelaide of Savoy has child Victor Amadeus I, Duke of Savoy"
Princess Henriette Adelaide of Savoy has child Christine Marie of France
Princess Henriette Adelaide of Savoy has child Maria Luisa of Savoy
Princess Henriette Adelaide of Savoy has child Victor Amadeus II of Sardinia
Princess Henriette Adelaide of Savoy has child Duchess Violante Beatrice of Bavaria
"Princess Henriette Adelaide of Savoy has child Charles Emmanuel II, Duke of Savoy"
Redman (rapper) has gender male
Redman (rapper) has gender female
Redman (rapper) has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Redman (rapper) has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Redman (rapper) has gender United Kingdom
Redman (rapper) has gender Azerbaijan
Redman (rapper) has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Redman (rapper) has gender Qatar
Redman (rapper) has gender Africa
Redman (rapper) has gender South Korea
Marcelo Fleitas is affiliated to Deportivo Cuenca
Marcelo Fleitas is affiliated to Centro Deportivo Olmedo
Marcelo Fleitas is affiliated to Ecuador national football team
Marcelo Fleitas is affiliated to Barcelona Sporting Club
Marcelo Fleitas is affiliated to Defensa y Justicia
Marcelo Fleitas is affiliated to Club Sport Emelec
Marcelo Fleitas is affiliated to LDU Quito
Marcelo Fleitas is affiliated to Deportivo Quito
Marcelo Fleitas is affiliated to Club Deportivo El Nacional
Marcelo Fleitas is affiliated to Sociedad Deportiva Aucas
Noor Sabri is affiliated to Najaf FC
Noor Sabri is affiliated to Al-Naft
Noor Sabri is affiliated to Zakho FC
Noor Sabri is affiliated to Al-Zawra'a SC
Noor Sabri is affiliated to Iraq national football team
Noor Sabri is affiliated to Al-Quwa Al-Jawiya
Noor Sabri is affiliated to Dohuk SC
Noor Sabri is affiliated to Talaba SC
Noor Sabri is affiliated to Sanat Mes Kerman F.C.
Noor Sabri is affiliated to Al Shorta SC
Óscar Cardozo is affiliated to Club Atlético 3 de Febrero
Óscar Cardozo is affiliated to Club Nacional
Óscar Cardozo is affiliated to Newell's Old Boys
Óscar Cardozo is affiliated to C.A. Newell's Old Boys
Óscar Cardozo is affiliated to S.L. Benfica
Óscar Cardozo is affiliated to Paraguay national football team
Óscar Cardozo is affiliated to Cerro Porteño
Óscar Cardozo is affiliated to Club Olimpia
Óscar Cardozo is affiliated to Argentina national football team
Óscar Cardozo is affiliated to Club Libertad
"Friedrich Ebert, Jr. is citizen of East Germany"
"Friedrich Ebert, Jr. is citizen of Germany"
"Friedrich Ebert, Jr. is citizen of United States"
"Friedrich Ebert, Jr. is citizen of France"
"Friedrich Ebert, Jr. is citizen of United Kingdom"
"Friedrich Ebert, Jr. is citizen of Italy"
"Friedrich Ebert, Jr. is citizen of Soviet Union"
"Friedrich Ebert, Jr. is citizen of Belgium"
"Friedrich Ebert, Jr. is citizen of Prussia"
"Friedrich Ebert, Jr. is citizen of Russia"
Gökhan Zan is affiliated to Turkey national under-21 football team
Gökhan Zan is affiliated to Dardanel Spor A.Ş.
Gökhan Zan is affiliated to Galatasaray S.K.
Gökhan Zan is affiliated to Gaziantepspor
Gökhan Zan is affiliated to Turkey national under-19 football team
Gökhan Zan is affiliated to Galatasaray S.K. (football)
Gökhan Zan is affiliated to Turkey national football team
Gökhan Zan is affiliated to Beşiktaş J.K.
Gökhan Zan is affiliated to Hatayspor
Gökhan Zan is affiliated to Fenerbahçe S.K. (football)
Tarik Elyounoussi is affiliated to Fredrikstad FK
Tarik Elyounoussi is affiliated to Lillestrøm SK
Tarik Elyounoussi is affiliated to TSG 1899 Hoffenheim
Tarik Elyounoussi is affiliated to SC Heerenveen
Tarik Elyounoussi is affiliated to Norway national football team
Tarik Elyounoussi is affiliated to Norway national under-21 football team
Tarik Elyounoussi is affiliated to Rosenborg BK
Tarik Elyounoussi is affiliated to Vålerenga Fotball
Tarik Elyounoussi is affiliated to Tromsø IL
Tarik Elyounoussi is affiliated to SK Brann
Don McKellar created Childstar
Don McKellar created The Red Violin
Don McKellar created Dance Me Outside
Don McKellar created Last Night (1998 film)
Don McKellar created Existenz
Don McKellar created Don McKellar
Don McKellar created Men with Brooms
Don McKellar created The Claim
Don McKellar created Away from Her
Don McKellar created Water (2005 film)
Sainte-Foy-lès-Lyon is located in Rhône-Alpes
Sainte-Foy-lès-Lyon is located in France
Sainte-Foy-lès-Lyon is located in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur
Sainte-Foy-lès-Lyon is located in Île-de-France
Sainte-Foy-lès-Lyon is located in United States
Sainte-Foy-lès-Lyon is located in Lists of World Heritage Sites in Europe
Sainte-Foy-lès-Lyon is located in Brittany
Sainte-Foy-lès-Lyon is located in Haute-Savoie
Sainte-Foy-lès-Lyon is located in Burgundy
Sainte-Foy-lès-Lyon is located in Europe
Maciej Kowalczyk plays for Kolejarz Stróże
Maciej Kowalczyk plays for Sandecja Nowy Sącz
Maciej Kowalczyk plays for Olimpia Grudziądz
Maciej Kowalczyk plays for Korona Kielce
Maciej Kowalczyk plays for Widzew Łódź
Maciej Kowalczyk plays for Śląsk Wrocław
Maciej Kowalczyk plays for FC Arsenal Kyiv
Maciej Kowalczyk plays for pl/Ceramika Opoczno
Maciej Kowalczyk plays for Lechia Gdańsk
Maciej Kowalczyk plays for FC Borysfen Boryspil
Worawet Chanuthai is affiliated to Songkhla F.C.
Worawet Chanuthai is affiliated to Singhtarua F.C.
Worawet Chanuthai is affiliated to Bangkok Bank F.C.
Worawet Chanuthai is affiliated to Samut Songkhram F.C.
Worawet Chanuthai is affiliated to Buriram United F.C.
Worawet Chanuthai is affiliated to Thailand national football team
Worawet Chanuthai is affiliated to BEC Tero Sasana F.C.
Worawet Chanuthai is affiliated to Chonburi F.C.
Worawet Chanuthai is affiliated to TOT S.C.
Worawet Chanuthai is affiliated to TTM Customs F.C.
Ian Goodison is affiliated to Montego Bay United F.C.
Ian Goodison is affiliated to Jamaica national football team
Ian Goodison is affiliated to Tranmere Rovers F.C.
Ian Goodison is affiliated to Hull City A.F.C.
Ian Goodison is affiliated to Bradford City A.F.C.
Ian Goodison is affiliated to Bolton Wanderers F.C.
Ian Goodison is affiliated to Preston North End F.C.
Ian Goodison is affiliated to Leicester City F.C.
Ian Goodison is affiliated to Burnley F.C.
Ian Goodison is affiliated to Derby County F.C.
Jack Fitchett plays for Southampton F.C.
Jack Fitchett plays for Exeter City F.C.
Jack Fitchett plays for Manchester City F.C.
Jack Fitchett plays for Bolton Wanderers F.C.
Jack Fitchett plays for Manchester United F.C.
Jack Fitchett plays for Fulham F.C.
Jack Fitchett plays for Plymouth Argyle F.C.
Jack Fitchett plays for England national football team
Jack Fitchett plays for Portsmouth F.C.
Jack Fitchett plays for Blackburn Rovers F.C.
Anthony Charles is affiliated to Hayes F.C.
Anthony Charles is affiliated to England national football C team
Anthony Charles is affiliated to Aldershot Town F.C.
Anthony Charles is affiliated to Luton Town F.C.
Anthony Charles is affiliated to Crewe Alexandra F.C.
Anthony Charles is affiliated to Farnborough F.C.
Anthony Charles is affiliated to Hyde F.C.
Anthony Charles is affiliated to Plymouth Argyle F.C.
Anthony Charles is affiliated to Northampton Town F.C.
Anthony Charles is affiliated to Barnet F.C.
Çağdaş Atan is affiliated to Denizlispor
Çağdaş Atan is affiliated to Turkey national football B team
Çağdaş Atan is affiliated to Akhisar Belediyespor
Çağdaş Atan is affiliated to Trabzonspor
Çağdaş Atan is affiliated to Altay S.K.
Çağdaş Atan is affiliated to Beşiktaş J.K.
Çağdaş Atan is affiliated to Turkey national football team
Çağdaş Atan is affiliated to FC Energie Cottbus
Çağdaş Atan is affiliated to FC Basel
Çağdaş Atan is affiliated to Mersin İdmanyurdu SK
Ernest Mullineux plays for Port Vale F.C.
Ernest Mullineux plays for Stoke City F.C.
Ernest Mullineux plays for Bury F.C.
Ernest Mullineux plays for Telford United F.C.
Ernest Mullineux plays for Shrewsbury Town F.C.
Ernest Mullineux plays for Crewe Alexandra F.C.
Ernest Mullineux plays for Macclesfield Town F.C.
Ernest Mullineux plays for England national football team
Ernest Mullineux plays for Birmingham City F.C.
Ernest Mullineux plays for Burnley F.C.
Ross Macdonald graduated from Harvard University
Ross Macdonald graduated from Columbia University
Ross Macdonald graduated from New York University
Ross Macdonald graduated from University of Michigan
Ross Macdonald graduated from University of Chicago
Ross Macdonald graduated from Amherst College
Ross Macdonald graduated from University of Texas at Austin
"Ross Macdonald graduated from University of California, Los Angeles"
Ross Macdonald graduated from Yale University
"Ross Macdonald graduated from University of California, Berkeley"
David Cowan (footballer) is affiliated to Livingston F.C.
David Cowan (footballer) is affiliated to East Fife F.C.
David Cowan (footballer) is affiliated to Gretna F.C.
David Cowan (footballer) is affiliated to Ross County F.C.
David Cowan (footballer) is affiliated to Dundee F.C.
David Cowan (footballer) is affiliated to St. Johnstone F.C.
David Cowan (footballer) is affiliated to Motherwell F.C.
David Cowan (footballer) is affiliated to Cowdenbeath F.C.
David Cowan (footballer) is affiliated to Newcastle United F.C.
David Cowan (footballer) is affiliated to Dundee United F.C.
Adolfo Gregorio is affiliated to UCLA Bruins men's soccer
Adolfo Gregorio is affiliated to United States men's national under-17 soccer team
Adolfo Gregorio is affiliated to United States men's national under-23 soccer team
Adolfo Gregorio is affiliated to Orange County Blue Star
Adolfo Gregorio is affiliated to Real Salt Lake
Adolfo Gregorio is affiliated to United States men's national under-20 soccer team
Adolfo Gregorio is affiliated to United States men's national under-18 soccer team
Adolfo Gregorio is affiliated to Darlington F.C.
Adolfo Gregorio is affiliated to United States men's national soccer team
Adolfo Gregorio is affiliated to UCLA Bruins
Mohamed Kader has gender male
Mohamed Kader has gender female
Mohamed Kader has gender Tomsk
Mohamed Kader has gender United Kingdom
Mohamed Kader has gender Azerbaijan
Mohamed Kader has gender Germany
Mohamed Kader has gender Russia
Mohamed Kader has gender Ukraine
Mohamed Kader has gender France
Mohamed Kader has gender London
Alfred Pfaff is affiliated to Eintracht Frankfurt
Alfred Pfaff is affiliated to SpVgg EGC Wirges
Alfred Pfaff is affiliated to Germany national football B team
Alfred Pfaff is affiliated to Germany national football team
Alfred Pfaff is affiliated to Germany national under-21 football team
Alfred Pfaff is affiliated to Germany national youth football team
Alfred Pfaff is affiliated to FC Bayern Munich
Alfred Pfaff is affiliated to FSV Frankfurt
Alfred Pfaff is affiliated to Borussia Dortmund
Alfred Pfaff is affiliated to FC Schalke 04
Michael D'Agostino was born in Birmingham
Michael D'Agostino was born in Vancouver
Michael D'Agostino was born in Wolverhampton
Michael D'Agostino was born in Hereford
Michael D'Agostino was born in Cheltenham
Michael D'Agostino was born in London
Michael D'Agostino was born in Manchester
Michael D'Agostino was born in Liverpool
Michael D'Agostino was born in Burnaby
Michael D'Agostino was born in Lagos
Orsha is located in Vitebsk Oblast
Orsha is located in Belarus
Orsha is located in Vitebsk Region
Orsha is located in Ukraine
Orsha is located in Minsk Region
Orsha is located in Europe
Orsha is located in United States
Orsha is located in Grodno Region
Orsha is located in Poland
Orsha is located in Orsha
Zreče is located in Savinjska Statistical Region
Zreče is located in nl/Stiermarken (gebied)
Zreče is located in Slovenia
Zreče is located in Styria (Slovenia)
Zreče is located in Podravska Statistical Region
Zreče is located in United States
Zreče is located in Mozirje
Zreče is located in Šmarje pri Jelšah
Zreče is located in Žalec
Zreče is located in Poland
Mohamed Farouk is affiliated to Petrojet FC
Mohamed Farouk is affiliated to Egypt national football team
Mohamed Farouk is affiliated to Smouha Sporting Club
Mohamed Farouk is affiliated to Al Ahly SC
Mohamed Farouk is affiliated to Al Ittihad Alexandria
Mohamed Farouk is affiliated to Haras El-Hodood SC
Mohamed Farouk is affiliated to MKE Ankaragücü
Mohamed Farouk is affiliated to Zamalek SC
Mohamed Farouk is affiliated to El Gouna FC
Mohamed Farouk is affiliated to ENPPI Club
Antal Dunai is affiliated to 1. Simmeringer SC
Antal Dunai is affiliated to Pécsi MFC
Antal Dunai is affiliated to Hungary national football team
Antal Dunai is affiliated to Újpest FC
Antal Dunai is affiliated to FC Veszprém
Antal Dunai is affiliated to Real Murcia C.F.
Antal Dunai is affiliated to C.D. Castellón
Antal Dunai is affiliated to Levante U.D.
Antal Dunai is affiliated to Xerez C.D.
Antal Dunai is affiliated to Debreceni VSC
Alain Caveglia plays for Le Havre AC
Alain Caveglia plays for FC Gueugnon
Alain Caveglia plays for Olympique Lyonnais
Alain Caveglia plays for FC Sochaux-Montbéliard
Alain Caveglia plays for fr/Le Havre Athletic Club
Alain Caveglia plays for Le Havre A.C.
Alain Caveglia plays for F.C. Sochaux-Montbéliard
Alain Caveglia plays for FC Nantes
Alain Caveglia plays for F.C. Nantes
Alain Caveglia plays for France national football team
Sagi Burton plays for Colchester United F.C.
Sagi Burton plays for Crewe Alexandra F.C.
Sagi Burton plays for Shrewsbury Town F.C.
Sagi Burton plays for Crystal Palace F.C.
Sagi Burton plays for Port Vale F.C.
Sagi Burton plays for Peterborough United F.C.
Sagi Burton plays for Barnet F.C.
Sagi Burton plays for Rushden & Diamonds F.C.
Sagi Burton plays for Bolton Wanderers F.C.
Sagi Burton plays for Sheffield United F.C.
Roger Courtois is affiliated to FC Lausanne-Sport
Roger Courtois is affiliated to E.S. Troyes A.C.
Roger Courtois is affiliated to F.C. Sochaux-Montbéliard
Roger Courtois is affiliated to FC Sochaux-Montbéliard
Roger Courtois is affiliated to France national football team
Roger Courtois is affiliated to Urania Genève Sport
Roger Courtois is affiliated to Troyes AC
Roger Courtois is affiliated to A.S. Monaco F.C.
Roger Courtois is affiliated to AS Monaco FC
Roger Courtois is affiliated to A.S. Saint-Étienne
Aldo Fabrizi was born in Rome
Aldo Fabrizi was born in London
Aldo Fabrizi was born in New York City
Aldo Fabrizi was born in Milan
Aldo Fabrizi was born in Los Angeles
Aldo Fabrizi was born in Paris
Aldo Fabrizi was born in Genoa
Aldo Fabrizi was born in Florence
Aldo Fabrizi was born in Bologna
Aldo Fabrizi was born in Naples
Ricardo Clark has gender male
Ricardo Clark has gender female
Ricardo Clark has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Ricardo Clark has gender Italy
Ricardo Clark has gender Republican Party (United States)
Ricardo Clark has gender Africa
Ricardo Clark has gender Democratic Party (United States)
Ricardo Clark has gender Tomsk
Ricardo Clark has gender United Kingdom
Ricardo Clark has gender France
Luís Carlos Almada Soares plays for Sporting Clube da Praia
Luís Carlos Almada Soares plays for G.D. Tourizense
Luís Carlos Almada Soares plays for Sertanense F.C.
Luís Carlos Almada Soares plays for C.D. Santa Clara
Luís Carlos Almada Soares plays for Associação Académica de Coimbra – O.A.F.
Luís Carlos Almada Soares plays for AC Omonia
Luís Carlos Almada Soares plays for Cape Verde national football team
Luís Carlos Almada Soares plays for U.D. Leiria
Luís Carlos Almada Soares plays for F.C. Porto
Luís Carlos Almada Soares plays for Sporting Clube de Portugal
Vladimir Menshov has gender male
Vladimir Menshov has gender female
Vladimir Menshov has gender United Kingdom
Vladimir Menshov has gender United States
Vladimir Menshov has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Vladimir Menshov has gender César Award
Vladimir Menshov has gender London
Vladimir Menshov has gender Turkey
Vladimir Menshov has gender South Korea
Vladimir Menshov has gender London Heathrow Terminal 3
Héctor Altamirano plays for Cruz Azul Hidalgo
Héctor Altamirano plays for Cruz Azul
Héctor Altamirano plays for Santos Laguna
Héctor Altamirano plays for Estudiantes Tecos
Héctor Altamirano plays for Correcaminos UAT
Héctor Altamirano plays for Monarcas Morelia
Héctor Altamirano plays for Mexico national football team
Héctor Altamirano plays for Tiburones Rojos de Veracruz
Héctor Altamirano plays for Querétaro F.C.
Héctor Altamirano plays for San Luis F.C.
Bill Paxton has gender female
Bill Paxton has gender male
Bill Paxton has gender United Kingdom
Bill Paxton has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Bill Paxton has gender Erasmus Prize
Bill Paxton has gender London
Bill Paxton has gender Independent (politician)
Bill Paxton has gender Brazil
Bill Paxton has gender France
Bill Paxton has gender United States
Jos van Herpen plays for FC Den Bosch
Jos van Herpen plays for Stade Brestois 29
Jos van Herpen plays for RKC Waalwijk
Jos van Herpen plays for Feyenoord
Jos van Herpen plays for K.V.K. Tienen
Jos van Herpen plays for Willem II (football club)
Jos van Herpen plays for Netherlands national football team
Jos van Herpen plays for RBC Roosendaal
Jos van Herpen plays for ADO Den Haag
Jos van Herpen plays for NAC Breda
Emanuele Belardi plays for U.S. Grosseto F.C.
Emanuele Belardi plays for Delfino Pescara 1936
Emanuele Belardi plays for Modena F.C.
Emanuele Belardi plays for U.S. Catanzaro 1929
Emanuele Belardi plays for A.C. Cesena
Emanuele Belardi plays for Reggina Calcio
Emanuele Belardi plays for S.S.C. Napoli
Emanuele Belardi plays for Juventus F.C.
Emanuele Belardi plays for Udinese Calcio
Emanuele Belardi plays for Hellas Verona F.C.
Johnny MacLeod has gender male
Johnny MacLeod has gender female
Johnny MacLeod has gender Azerbaijan
Johnny MacLeod has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Johnny MacLeod has gender Brazil
Johnny MacLeod has gender United Kingdom
Johnny MacLeod has gender Republican Party (United States)
Johnny MacLeod has gender France
Johnny MacLeod has gender South Korea
Johnny MacLeod has gender Tomsk
Aykut Akgün is affiliated to Giresunspor
Aykut Akgün is affiliated to Zeytinburnuspor
Aykut Akgün is affiliated to Karlsruher SC
Aykut Akgün is affiliated to Turkey national football B team
Aykut Akgün is affiliated to Trabzonspor
Aykut Akgün is affiliated to Turkey national under-20 football team
Aykut Akgün is affiliated to Çaykur Rizespor
Aykut Akgün is affiliated to Karşıyaka S.K.
Aykut Akgün is affiliated to Turkey national under-21 football team
Aykut Akgün is affiliated to Adanaspor
Gmina Garbów is located in Lublin County
Gmina Garbów is located in United States
Gmina Garbów is located in Lublin Voivodeship
Gmina Garbów is located in Poland
Gmina Garbów is located in Iran
Gmina Garbów is located in Masovian Voivodeship
Gmina Garbów is located in India
Gmina Garbów is located in Canada
Gmina Garbów is located in Quebec
Gmina Garbów is located in United Kingdom
Robert Gaspar is affiliated to Cockburn City SC
Robert Gaspar is affiliated to Persiba Balikpapan
Robert Gaspar is affiliated to Persita Tangerang
Robert Gaspar is affiliated to Perth SC
Robert Gaspar is affiliated to Persib Bandung
Robert Gaspar is affiliated to Sabah FA
Robert Gaspar is affiliated to Inglewood United SC
Robert Gaspar is affiliated to Perth Glory FC
Robert Gaspar is affiliated to Sydney Olympic FC
Robert Gaspar is affiliated to Persema Malang
Louis Bookman plays for Belfast Celtic F.C.
Louis Bookman plays for Glentoran F.C.
Louis Bookman plays for Shelbourne F.C.
Louis Bookman plays for Ireland national football team (1882–1950)
Louis Bookman plays for Luton Town F.C.
Louis Bookman plays for Port Vale F.C.
Louis Bookman plays for West Bromwich Albion F.C.
Louis Bookman plays for Bradford City A.F.C.
Louis Bookman plays for Republic of Ireland national football team
Louis Bookman plays for Irish League representative team
Ted McDonald (footballer) is affiliated to Stoke City F.C.
Ted McDonald (footballer) is affiliated to Port Vale F.C.
Ted McDonald (footballer) is affiliated to Notts County F.C.
Ted McDonald (footballer) is affiliated to Portsmouth F.C.
Ted McDonald (footballer) is affiliated to Derby County F.C.
Ted McDonald (footballer) is affiliated to Manchester City F.C.
Ted McDonald (footballer) is affiliated to Aston Villa F.C.
Ted McDonald (footballer) is affiliated to Coventry City F.C.
Ted McDonald (footballer) is affiliated to England national under-21 football team
Ted McDonald (footballer) is affiliated to Birmingham City F.C.
Vadis Odjidja-Ofoe is affiliated to Belgium national under-19 football team
Vadis Odjidja-Ofoe is affiliated to Belgium national under-18 football team
Vadis Odjidja-Ofoe is affiliated to Belgium national under-21 football team
Vadis Odjidja-Ofoe is affiliated to Belgium national football team
Vadis Odjidja-Ofoe is affiliated to Hamburger SV II
Vadis Odjidja-Ofoe is affiliated to Hamburger SV
Vadis Odjidja-Ofoe is affiliated to R.S.C. Anderlecht
Vadis Odjidja-Ofoe is affiliated to K.A.A. Gent
Vadis Odjidja-Ofoe is affiliated to Club Brugge KV
Vadis Odjidja-Ofoe is affiliated to Club Brugge K.V.
Boubacar Koné is affiliated to Association Sportive de Bamako
Boubacar Koné is affiliated to Al-Merrikh SC
Boubacar Koné is affiliated to Djoliba AC
Boubacar Koné is affiliated to MAS Fez
Boubacar Koné is affiliated to Mali national football team
Boubacar Koné is affiliated to Stade Malien
Boubacar Koné is affiliated to AS Real Bamako
Boubacar Koné is affiliated to JS Centre Salif Keita
Boubacar Koné is affiliated to Wydad Casablanca
Boubacar Koné is affiliated to Morocco national football team
James Braid (surgeon) is citizen of United Kingdom
James Braid (surgeon) is citizen of United States
James Braid (surgeon) is citizen of Germany
James Braid (surgeon) is citizen of France
James Braid (surgeon) is citizen of Australia
James Braid (surgeon) is citizen of Italy
James Braid (surgeon) is citizen of England
James Braid (surgeon) is citizen of Scotland
James Braid (surgeon) is citizen of Netherlands
James Braid (surgeon) is citizen of India
Walter García is affiliated to Juventud Antoniana
Walter García is affiliated to Quilmes Atlético Club
Walter García is affiliated to Guillermo Brown de Puerto Madryn
Walter García is affiliated to San Lorenzo de Almagro
Walter García is affiliated to Argentinos Juniors
Walter García is affiliated to Independiente Rivadavia
Walter García is affiliated to FC Rubin Kazan
Walter García is affiliated to Club Nacional de Football
Walter García is affiliated to New York Red Bulls
Walter García is affiliated to Calcio Catania
Mirosław Waligóra is affiliated to AS Verbroedering Geel
Mirosław Waligóra is affiliated to Lommel United
Mirosław Waligóra is affiliated to K.F.C. Lommel S.K.
Mirosław Waligóra is affiliated to Hutnik Nowa Huta
Mirosław Waligóra is affiliated to K. Patro Eisden Maasmechelen
Mirosław Waligóra is affiliated to Poland national football team
Mirosław Waligóra is affiliated to Wisła Kraków
Mirosław Waligóra is affiliated to K.V.C. Westerlo
Mirosław Waligóra is affiliated to K. Sint-Truidense V.V.
Mirosław Waligóra is affiliated to Górnik Zabrze
Sergiu Epureanu plays for FC Agro-Goliador Chișinău
Sergiu Epureanu plays for Moldova national football team
Sergiu Epureanu plays for FC Academia Chișinău
Sergiu Epureanu plays for FC Nistru Otaci
Sergiu Epureanu plays for FC Tiraspol
Sergiu Epureanu plays for FC Zimbru Chișinău
Sergiu Epureanu plays for FC Vorskla Poltava
Sergiu Epureanu plays for FC Neman Grodno
Sergiu Epureanu plays for FC Milsami Orhei
Sergiu Epureanu plays for FC Taraz
Marcus Piossek plays for Borussia Dortmund II
Marcus Piossek plays for Borussia Dortmund
Marcus Piossek plays for VfL Osnabrück
Marcus Piossek plays for Poland national under-21 football team
Marcus Piossek plays for SV Lippstadt 08
Marcus Piossek plays for SC Preußen Münster
Marcus Piossek plays for Rot Weiss Ahlen
Marcus Piossek plays for Germany national youth football team
Marcus Piossek plays for Karlsruher SC
Marcus Piossek plays for Germany national under-21 football team
Sead Hajrović plays for Switzerland national under-17 football team
Sead Hajrović plays for Arsenal F.C. Academy
Sead Hajrović plays for Grasshopper Club Zürich
Sead Hajrović plays for Arsenal F.C.
Sead Hajrović plays for Barnet F.C.
Sead Hajrović plays for Switzerland national under-19 football team
Sead Hajrović plays for Switzerland national under-21 football team
Sead Hajrović plays for Switzerland national football team
Sead Hajrović plays for Tottenham Hotspur F.C.
Sead Hajrović plays for FC Basel
"Avon Park, Florida is located in Highlands County, Florida"
"Avon Park, Florida is located in Florida"
"Avon Park, Florida is located in United States"
"Avon Park, Florida is located in Avon Park, Florida"
"Avon Park, Florida is located in California"
"Avon Park, Florida is located in Poland"
"Avon Park, Florida is located in Tennessee"
"Avon Park, Florida is located in United Kingdom"
"Avon Park, Florida is located in Canada"
"Avon Park, Florida is located in North Carolina"
"Westbrook, Maine is located in Cumberland County (Maine)"
"Westbrook, Maine is located in Cumberland County, Maine"
"Westbrook, Maine is located in Maine"
"Westbrook, Maine is located in United States"
"Westbrook, Maine is located in Portland (Maine)"
"Westbrook, Maine is located in York County, Maine"
"Westbrook, Maine is located in Westbrook, Maine"
"Westbrook, Maine is located in Penobscot County, Maine"
"Westbrook, Maine is located in Poland"
"Westbrook, Maine is located in Aroostook County, Maine"
Milan Martinović is affiliated to Shenyang Dongjin F.C.
Milan Martinović is affiliated to Bnei Yehuda Tel Aviv F.C.
Milan Martinović is affiliated to Red Star Belgrade
Milan Martinović is affiliated to Real Oviedo
Milan Martinović is affiliated to Diyarbakırspor
Milan Martinović is affiliated to AC Ajaccio
Milan Martinović is affiliated to FK Rad
Milan Martinović is affiliated to Maccabi Tel Aviv F.C.
Milan Martinović is affiliated to F.K. Red Star Belgrade
Milan Martinović is affiliated to A.C. Ajaccio
Vitaliy Havrysh was born in Kiev
Vitaliy Havrysh was born in Chernihiv
Vitaliy Havrysh was born in Donetsk
Vitaliy Havrysh was born in Zaporizhia
Vitaliy Havrysh was born in Odessa
Vitaliy Havrysh was born in Dnipropetrovsk
"Vitaliy Havrysh was born in Oleksandriia, Kirovohrad Oblast"
Vitaliy Havrysh was born in Kharkiv
Vitaliy Havrysh was born in Luhansk
Vitaliy Havrysh was born in Paris
Manuel Seoane plays for Club El Porvenir
Manuel Seoane plays for Club Atlético Independiente
Manuel Seoane plays for Boca Juniors
Manuel Seoane plays for Argentina national football team
Manuel Seoane plays for C.A. Independiente
Manuel Seoane plays for Racing Club de Avellaneda
Manuel Seoane plays for Club Atlético River Plate
Manuel Seoane plays for Argentinos Juniors
Manuel Seoane plays for Club Atlético Huracán
Manuel Seoane plays for Arsenal de Sarandí
Queenstown-Lakes District is located in New Zealand
Queenstown-Lakes District is located in United States
Queenstown-Lakes District is located in Australia
Queenstown-Lakes District is located in United Kingdom
Queenstown-Lakes District is located in North Island
Queenstown-Lakes District is located in Canada
Queenstown-Lakes District is located in Queenstown-Lakes District
Queenstown-Lakes District is located in Germany
Queenstown-Lakes District is located in Otago
Queenstown-Lakes District is located in China
Rosalyn Sussman Yalow has won prize Dickson Prize
Rosalyn Sussman Yalow has won prize National Medal of Science
Rosalyn Sussman Yalow has won prize Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine
Rosalyn Sussman Yalow has won prize Albert Lasker Award for Basic Medical Research
Rosalyn Sussman Yalow has won prize Grammy Award
Rosalyn Sussman Yalow has won prize NAS Award in Molecular Biology
Rosalyn Sussman Yalow has won prize Tony Award
Rosalyn Sussman Yalow has won prize Golden Globe Award
Rosalyn Sussman Yalow has won prize Emmy Award
Rosalyn Sussman Yalow has won prize Primetime Emmy Award
Johnny Brooks is affiliated to Reading F.C.
Johnny Brooks is affiliated to Brentford F.C.
Johnny Brooks is affiliated to Crystal Palace F.C.
Johnny Brooks is affiliated to Tottenham Hotspur F.C.
Johnny Brooks is affiliated to Chelsea F.C.
Johnny Brooks is affiliated to England national football team
Johnny Brooks is affiliated to England national under-21 football team
Johnny Brooks is affiliated to Arsenal F.C.
Johnny Brooks is affiliated to Queens Park Rangers F.C.
Johnny Brooks is affiliated to Millwall F.C.
Diego Cervantes is affiliated to Delfines F.C.
Diego Cervantes is affiliated to Querétaro F.C.
Diego Cervantes is affiliated to San Luis F.C.
Diego Cervantes is affiliated to Club Necaxa
Diego Cervantes is affiliated to Puebla F.C.
Diego Cervantes is affiliated to C.F. Monterrey
Diego Cervantes is affiliated to Club América
Diego Cervantes is affiliated to C.F. Atlante
Diego Cervantes is affiliated to Lobos de la BUAP
Diego Cervantes is affiliated to Mexico national football team
Stephan Palla is affiliated to FC Lustenau 07
Stephan Palla is affiliated to FK DAC 1904 Dunajská Streda
Stephan Palla is affiliated to FC Admira Wacker Mödling
Stephan Palla is affiliated to Austria national under-17 football team
Stephan Palla is affiliated to Austria national under-18 football team
Stephan Palla is affiliated to SK Admira Wien
Stephan Palla is affiliated to Austria national under-19 football team
Stephan Palla is affiliated to SK Rapid Wien
Stephan Palla is affiliated to Austria national under-21 football team
Stephan Palla is affiliated to FK Austria Wien
Kyoto University is located in Kyoto Prefecture
Kyoto University is located in Japan
Kyoto University is located in United States
Kyoto University is located in Tokyo
Kyoto University is located in Kyoto
Kyoto University is located in Tokyo (prefecture)
Kyoto University is located in Kyoto University
Kyoto University is located in Kansai region
Kyoto University is located in China
Kyoto University is located in South Korea
Viña del Mar is located in Valparaíso Province
Viña del Mar is located in Valparaíso Region
Viña del Mar is located in Viña del Mar
Viña del Mar is located in Miss Universo Chile
Viña del Mar is located in Chile
Viña del Mar is located in United States
Viña del Mar is located in San Antonio Province
Viña del Mar is located in Poland
Viña del Mar is located in Easter Island
Viña del Mar is located in Europe
Nicole Barnhart is affiliated to California Storm
Nicole Barnhart is affiliated to FC Gold Pride
Nicole Barnhart is affiliated to FC Kansas City
Nicole Barnhart is affiliated to Philadelphia Independence
Nicole Barnhart is affiliated to Stanford Cardinal
Nicole Barnhart is affiliated to United States women's national soccer team
Nicole Barnhart is affiliated to Stanford University
Nicole Barnhart is affiliated to Boston Breakers
Nicole Barnhart is affiliated to Chicago Red Stars
Nicole Barnhart is affiliated to Western New York Flash
Hiroyuki Taniguchi is affiliated to Kashiwa Reysol
Hiroyuki Taniguchi is affiliated to Japan national football team
Hiroyuki Taniguchi is affiliated to Kawasaki Frontale
Hiroyuki Taniguchi is affiliated to Japan national under-23 football team
Hiroyuki Taniguchi is affiliated to Yokohama F. Marinos
Hiroyuki Taniguchi is affiliated to Japan national under-20 football team
Hiroyuki Taniguchi is affiliated to Urawa Red Diamonds
Hiroyuki Taniguchi is affiliated to Japan national under-17 football team
Hiroyuki Taniguchi is affiliated to Tokyo Verdy
Hiroyuki Taniguchi is affiliated to Nagoya Grampus
Kyle Wilson (English footballer) plays for F.C. United of Manchester
Kyle Wilson (English footballer) plays for Chester F.C.
Kyle Wilson (English footballer) plays for Hyde F.C.
Kyle Wilson (English footballer) plays for Bangor City F.C.
Kyle Wilson (English footballer) plays for Altrincham F.C.
Kyle Wilson (English footballer) plays for Macclesfield Town F.C.
Kyle Wilson (English footballer) plays for Barrow A.F.C.
Kyle Wilson (English footballer) plays for Crewe Alexandra F.C.
Kyle Wilson (English footballer) plays for Northwich Victoria F.C.
Kyle Wilson (English footballer) plays for Droylsden F.C.
K'naan has musical role wordnet piano 103928116
K'naan has musical role wordnet vocal music 107282006
K'naan has musical role wordnet percussion 100545059
K'naan has musical role wordnet guitar 103467517
K'naan has musical role wordnet drum 103249569
K'naan has musical role wordnet keyboard 103614007
K'naan has musical role wordnet harmonica 103494278
K'naan has musical role wordnet synthesist 110687231
K'naan has musical role wordnet bass guitar 102804123
K'naan has musical role wordnet mandolin 103716966
Fabian Pawela plays for Acharnaikos F.C.
Fabian Pawela plays for Czarni Żagań
Fabian Pawela plays for Atromitos F.C.
Fabian Pawela plays for Panetolikos F.C.
Fabian Pawela plays for Podbeskidzie Bielsko-Biała
Fabian Pawela plays for Panegialios F.C.
Fabian Pawela plays for Ethnikos Asteras F.C.
Fabian Pawela plays for Olympiacos Volou 1937 F.C.
Fabian Pawela plays for Levadiakos F.C.
Fabian Pawela plays for Polonia Warsaw
Frédéric Hantz is affiliated to Aurillac FCA
Frédéric Hantz is affiliated to Rodez AF
Frédéric Hantz is affiliated to FC Metz
Frédéric Hantz is affiliated to F.C. Metz
Frédéric Hantz is affiliated to FC Istres
Frédéric Hantz is affiliated to Chamois Niortais F.C.
Frédéric Hantz is affiliated to Clermont Foot
Frédéric Hantz is affiliated to OGC Nice
Frédéric Hantz is affiliated to F.C. Istres Ouest Provence
Frédéric Hantz is affiliated to S.C. Bastia
Fabinho Alves plays for Nacional Esporte Clube (MG)
Fabinho Alves plays for Villa Nova Atlético Clube
Fabinho Alves plays for Betim Esporte Clube
Fabinho Alves plays for Tupi Football Club
Fabinho Alves plays for Cruzeiro Esporte Clube
Fabinho Alves plays for Al-Arabi SC (Kuwait)
Fabinho Alves plays for Bangu Atlético Clube
Fabinho Alves plays for Associação Chapecoense de Futebol
Fabinho Alves plays for Associação Desportiva Cabofriense
Fabinho Alves plays for América Futebol Clube (MG)
Brian Easton (footballer) is affiliated to Scotland national football B team
Brian Easton (footballer) is affiliated to St. Johnstone F.C.
Brian Easton (footballer) is affiliated to Scotland national under-21 football team
Brian Easton (footballer) is affiliated to Dundee F.C.
Brian Easton (footballer) is affiliated to Burnley F.C.
Brian Easton (footballer) is affiliated to Hamilton Academical F.C.
Brian Easton (footballer) is affiliated to Scotland national football team
Brian Easton (footballer) is affiliated to Falkirk F.C.
Brian Easton (footballer) is affiliated to Dundee United F.C.
Brian Easton (footballer) is affiliated to Rangers F.C.
Dave Gahan has musical role wordnet glockenspiel 103440682
Dave Gahan has musical role wordnet harmonica 103494278
Dave Gahan has musical role wordnet percussion 100545059
Dave Gahan has musical role wordnet keyboard 103614007
Dave Gahan has musical role wordnet guitar 103467517
Dave Gahan has musical role wordnet piano 103928116
Dave Gahan has musical role wordnet vocal music 107282006
Dave Gahan has musical role wordnet drum 103249569
Dave Gahan has musical role wordnet bass guitar 102804123
Dave Gahan has musical role wordnet synthesist 110687231
Omar Sahnoun plays for FC Girondins de Bordeaux
Omar Sahnoun plays for FC Nantes
Omar Sahnoun plays for France national football team
Omar Sahnoun plays for AS Beauvais Oise
Omar Sahnoun plays for F.C. Girondins de Bordeaux
Omar Sahnoun plays for F.C. Nantes
Omar Sahnoun plays for France national under-21 football team
Omar Sahnoun plays for Olympique de Marseille
Omar Sahnoun plays for Racing Club de France football Colombes 92
Omar Sahnoun plays for Angers SCO
Rafael Sóbis plays for Brazil national under-23 football team
Rafael Sóbis plays for Real Betis
Rafael Sóbis plays for Brazil national under-20 football team
Rafael Sóbis plays for Brazil national football team
Rafael Sóbis plays for Sport Club Internacional
Rafael Sóbis plays for Fluminense FC
Rafael Sóbis plays for Al Jazira Club
Rafael Sóbis plays for Real Betis Balompié
Rafael Sóbis plays for Clube de Regatas do Flamengo
Rafael Sóbis plays for Brazil national under-17 football team
Leandro da Silva (footballer born 1985) has gender male
Leandro da Silva (footballer born 1985) has gender female
Leandro da Silva (footballer born 1985) has gender United Kingdom
Leandro da Silva (footballer born 1985) has gender France
Leandro da Silva (footballer born 1985) has gender Africa
Leandro da Silva (footballer born 1985) has gender Turkey
Leandro da Silva (footballer born 1985) has gender Spain
Leandro da Silva (footballer born 1985) has gender London
Leandro da Silva (footballer born 1985) has gender Paris
Leandro da Silva (footballer born 1985) has gender United States
Clive Charles is affiliated to Pittsburgh Spirit
Clive Charles is affiliated to Los Angeles Lazers
Clive Charles is affiliated to Portland Timbers (1975–82)
Clive Charles is affiliated to West Ham United F.C.
Clive Charles is affiliated to Cardiff City F.C.
Clive Charles is affiliated to Montreal Olympique
Clive Charles is affiliated to United States men's national soccer team
Clive Charles is affiliated to New York Cosmos
Clive Charles is affiliated to Las Vegas Americans
Clive Charles is affiliated to Arsenal F.C.
"Wilsonville, Oregon is located in Washington County, Oregon"
"Wilsonville, Oregon is located in United States"
"Wilsonville, Oregon is located in Poland"
"Wilsonville, Oregon is located in California"
"Wilsonville, Oregon is located in Quebec"
"Wilsonville, Oregon is located in Iran"
"Wilsonville, Oregon is located in Canada"
"Wilsonville, Oregon is located in Florida"
"Wilsonville, Oregon is located in Texas"
"Wilsonville, Oregon is located in Clackamas County, Oregon"
Ramechhap District is located in Janakpur Zone
Ramechhap District is located in United States
"Ramechhap District is located in Central Development Region, Nepal"
Ramechhap District is located in Poland
Ramechhap District is located in India
Ramechhap District is located in Masovian Voivodeship
Ramechhap District is located in Iran
Ramechhap District is located in United Kingdom
Ramechhap District is located in Canada
Ramechhap District is located in Slovenia
Abel Resino is affiliated to Club Atlético de Madrid
Abel Resino is affiliated to CD Toledo
Abel Resino is affiliated to Atlético Madrid
Abel Resino is affiliated to Atlético Madrid B
Abel Resino is affiliated to Rayo Vallecano
Abel Resino is affiliated to Real Valladolid C.F.
Abel Resino is affiliated to Granada C.F.
Abel Resino is affiliated to C.D. Castellón
Abel Resino is affiliated to Spain national football team
Abel Resino is affiliated to R.C. Celta de Vigo
Neil Brisco plays for Leigh Genesis F.C.
Neil Brisco plays for Chorley F.C.
Neil Brisco plays for Mossley A.F.C.
Neil Brisco plays for Barrow A.F.C.
Neil Brisco plays for Scarborough F.C.
Neil Brisco plays for Rochdale A.F.C.
Neil Brisco plays for Port Vale F.C.
Neil Brisco plays for Northwich Victoria F.C.
Neil Brisco plays for Manchester City F.C.
Neil Brisco plays for Southport F.C.
Sven Benken plays for Dresdner SC
Sven Benken plays for FC Energie Cottbus
Sven Benken plays for SV Werder Bremen
Sven Benken plays for F.C. Hansa Rostock
Sven Benken plays for Werder Bremen
Sven Benken plays for Hansa Rostock
Sven Benken plays for SV Werder Bremen II
Sven Benken plays for Dynamo Dresden
Sven Benken plays for FC Carl Zeiss Jena
Sven Benken plays for Germany national football team
Lassad Nouioui is affiliated to AC Ajaccio
Lassad Nouioui is affiliated to LB Châteauroux
Lassad Nouioui is affiliated to Deportivo de La Coruña
Lassad Nouioui is affiliated to A.C. Ajaccio
Lassad Nouioui is affiliated to F.C. Arouca
Lassad Nouioui is affiliated to Deportivo de La Coruña B
Lassad Nouioui is affiliated to R.C. Deportivo de La Coruña
Lassad Nouioui is affiliated to L.B. Châteauroux
Lassad Nouioui is affiliated to Celtic F.C.
Lassad Nouioui is affiliated to Tunisia national football team
Itzik Kornfein plays for Israel national football team
Itzik Kornfein plays for Beitar Tel Aviv F.C.
Itzik Kornfein plays for Israel national under-18 football team
Itzik Kornfein plays for Hapoel Petah Tikva F.C.
Itzik Kornfein plays for Hapoel Ramat Gan Giv'atayim F.C.
Itzik Kornfein plays for Israel national under-21 football team
Itzik Kornfein plays for Beitar Jerusalem F.C.
Itzik Kornfein plays for Hapoel Jerusalem F.C.
Itzik Kornfein plays for Israel national under-19 football team
Itzik Kornfein plays for Israel national under-17 football team
Vyacheslav Marushko died in Moscow
Vyacheslav Marushko died in London
Vyacheslav Marushko died in Saint Petersburg
Vyacheslav Marushko died in Kiev
Vyacheslav Marushko died in Yekaterinburg
Vyacheslav Marushko died in Los Angeles
Vyacheslav Marushko died in New York City
Vyacheslav Marushko died in Makhachkala
Vyacheslav Marushko died in Minsk
Vyacheslav Marushko died in Paris
Heinrich von Vietinghoff has won prize fr/Croix de chevalier de la Croix de fer avec feuilles de chêne
Heinrich von Vietinghoff has won prize The Honour Cross of the World War 1914/1918
Heinrich von Vietinghoff has won prize Gallipoli Star (Ottoman Empire)
Heinrich von Vietinghoff has won prize Iron Cross
Heinrich von Vietinghoff has won prize Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
Heinrich von Vietinghoff has won prize Order of Military Merit (Russia)
Heinrich von Vietinghoff has won prize Order of the Iron Crown
Heinrich von Vietinghoff has won prize German Cross
Heinrich von Vietinghoff has won prize House Order of Hohenzollern
Heinrich von Vietinghoff has won prize Order of the Black Eagle
Burhanuddin Rabbani has gender male
Burhanuddin Rabbani has gender female
Burhanuddin Rabbani has gender Italy
Burhanuddin Rabbani has gender United States
Burhanuddin Rabbani has gender United Kingdom
Burhanuddin Rabbani has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Burhanuddin Rabbani has gender Independent (politician)
Burhanuddin Rabbani has gender France
Burhanuddin Rabbani has gender London Heathrow Terminal 3
Burhanuddin Rabbani has gender Erasmus Prize
Ivan Kelava plays for Croatia national under-17 football team
Ivan Kelava plays for NK Lokomotiva
Ivan Kelava plays for Croatia national under-19 football team
Ivan Kelava plays for GNK Dinamo Zagreb
Ivan Kelava plays for Croatia national under-20 football team
Ivan Kelava plays for Croatia national under-21 football team
Ivan Kelava plays for Udinese Calcio
Ivan Kelava plays for Croatia national football team
Ivan Kelava plays for N.K. Dinamo Zagreb
Ivan Kelava plays for NK Inter Zaprešić
Bobby Jordan acted in On Dress Parade
Bobby Jordan acted in Crime School
Bobby Jordan acted in The Angels Wash Their Faces
Bobby Jordan acted in Hell's Kitchen (1939 film)
Bobby Jordan acted in Sea Raiders
Bobby Jordan acted in Junior G-Men (serial)
Bobby Jordan acted in They Made Me a Criminal
Bobby Jordan acted in Sky Raiders
Bobby Jordan acted in Valentino (1977 film)
Bobby Jordan acted in Dillinger (1945 film)
"Ipswich, Massachusetts is located in Essex County, Massachusetts"
"Ipswich, Massachusetts is located in Massachusetts"
"Ipswich, Massachusetts is located in United States"
"Ipswich, Massachusetts is located in Worcester County, Massachusetts"
"Ipswich, Massachusetts is located in Middlesex County, Massachusetts"
"Ipswich, Massachusetts is located in California"
"Ipswich, Massachusetts is located in Norfolk County, Massachusetts"
"Ipswich, Massachusetts is located in Plymouth County, Massachusetts"
"Ipswich, Massachusetts is located in Florida"
"Ipswich, Massachusetts is located in Hampden County, Massachusetts"
"Barry Potomski died in Windsor, Ontario"
Barry Potomski died in Toronto
Barry Potomski died in Los Angeles
Barry Potomski died in Vancouver
"Barry Potomski died in Washington, D.C."
Barry Potomski died in New York City
Barry Potomski died in Barry Potomski
Barry Potomski died in Ontario
Barry Potomski died in Chicago
Barry Potomski died in United States
Elizabeth Rees-Williams has child Jared Harris
Elizabeth Rees-Williams has child Elizabeth Rees-Williams
Elizabeth Rees-Williams has child Emilia Fox
Elizabeth Rees-Williams has child Richard Harris
Elizabeth Rees-Williams has child Natasha Richardson
Elizabeth Rees-Williams has child Jason Connery
Elizabeth Rees-Williams has child Romina Power
Elizabeth Rees-Williams has child Charlotte Gainsbourg
Elizabeth Rees-Williams has child Sinéad Cusack
Elizabeth Rees-Williams has child Damian Harris
Ivan Woods plays for Sliema Wanderers F.C.
Ivan Woods plays for Malta national football team
Ivan Woods plays for Valletta F.C.
Ivan Woods plays for Floriana F.C.
Ivan Woods plays for Malta national under-21 football team
Ivan Woods plays for Pietà Hotspurs F.C.
Ivan Woods plays for Marsaxlokk F.C.
Ivan Woods plays for Birkirkara F.C.
Ivan Woods plays for Qormi F.C.
Ivan Woods plays for Mosta F.C.
Samuel Greven is affiliated to KV Mechelen
Samuel Greven is affiliated to FC Eindhoven
Samuel Greven is affiliated to Oud-Heverlee Leuven
Samuel Greven is affiliated to RWDM Brussels FC
Samuel Greven is affiliated to Royal Antwerp F.C.
Samuel Greven is affiliated to R.S.C. Anderlecht
Samuel Greven is affiliated to Belgium national football team
Samuel Greven is affiliated to Beerschot AC
Samuel Greven is affiliated to K.V.C. Westerlo
Samuel Greven is affiliated to K.R.C. Mechelen
Levan Maghradze plays for FC Margveti Zestafoni
Levan Maghradze plays for TSU Tbilisi
Levan Maghradze plays for AEL Limassol
Levan Maghradze plays for Ermis Aradippou
Levan Maghradze plays for Ethnikos Achna FC
Levan Maghradze plays for Apollon Limassol
Levan Maghradze plays for AEP Paphos F.C.
Levan Maghradze plays for Skoda Xanthi F.C.
Levan Maghradze plays for Georgia national football team
Levan Maghradze plays for Aris Limassol F.C.
Archie Gemmill is affiliated to Jacksonville Tea Men
Archie Gemmill is affiliated to Derby County F.C.
Archie Gemmill is affiliated to Wigan Athletic F.C.
Archie Gemmill is affiliated to Birmingham City F.C.
Archie Gemmill is affiliated to Preston North End F.C.
Archie Gemmill is affiliated to Nottingham Forest F.C.
Archie Gemmill is affiliated to Scotland national football team
Archie Gemmill is affiliated to St. Mirren F.C.
Archie Gemmill is affiliated to Coventry City F.C.
Archie Gemmill is affiliated to Celtic F.C.
Pierre Issa is affiliated to Tripoli SC
Pierre Issa is affiliated to USL Dunkerque
Pierre Issa is affiliated to OFI Crete
Pierre Issa is affiliated to Chelsea F.C.
Pierre Issa is affiliated to Olympique de Marseille
Pierre Issa is affiliated to Watford F.C.
Pierre Issa is affiliated to South Africa national football team
Pierre Issa is affiliated to Olympiacos F.C.
Pierre Issa is affiliated to Ionikos F.C.
Pierre Issa is affiliated to Panathinaikos F.C.
Aziz Corr Nyang plays for Assyriska Föreningen
Aziz Corr Nyang plays for Tyresö FF (men)
Aziz Corr Nyang plays for Djurgårdens I.F.
Aziz Corr Nyang plays for Åtvidabergs FF
Aziz Corr Nyang plays for IF Brommapojkarna
Aziz Corr Nyang plays for GIF Sundsvall
Aziz Corr Nyang plays for Djurgårdens IF Fotboll
Aziz Corr Nyang plays for Gambia national football team
Aziz Corr Nyang plays for Valletta F.C.
Aziz Corr Nyang plays for AFC United
Uli Bayerschmidt plays for Bayern Munich Junior Team
Uli Bayerschmidt plays for 1. FC Nürnberg
Uli Bayerschmidt plays for FC Bayern Munich
Uli Bayerschmidt plays for Tennis Borussia Berlin
Uli Bayerschmidt plays for Hertha BSC
Uli Bayerschmidt plays for FC Bayern Munich II
Uli Bayerschmidt plays for 1. FC Nuremberg
Uli Bayerschmidt plays for Hertha BSC II
Uli Bayerschmidt plays for Germany national under-21 football team
Uli Bayerschmidt plays for TSV 1860 München
Thomas Kleine is affiliated to Bayer 04 Leverkusen
Thomas Kleine is affiliated to Bayer 04 Leverkusen II
Thomas Kleine is affiliated to Borussia Mönchengladbach
Thomas Kleine is affiliated to SpVgg Greuther Fürth
Thomas Kleine is affiliated to Hannover 96
Thomas Kleine is affiliated to Germany national football B team
Thomas Kleine is affiliated to Germany national under-21 football team
Thomas Kleine is affiliated to Germany national football team
Thomas Kleine is affiliated to Fortuna Düsseldorf
Thomas Kleine is affiliated to Alemannia Aachen
Johan Absalonsen plays for SønderjyskE
Johan Absalonsen plays for Boldklubben 1913
Johan Absalonsen plays for AC Horsens
Johan Absalonsen plays for Odense Boldklub
Johan Absalonsen plays for Brøndby IF
Johan Absalonsen plays for fr/SønderjyskE (football)
Johan Absalonsen plays for Denmark national football team
Johan Absalonsen plays for Denmark national under-21 football team
Johan Absalonsen plays for F.C. Copenhagen
Johan Absalonsen plays for Denmark national under-19 football team
Aftandil Hajiyev is affiliated to Shafa Baku
Aftandil Hajiyev is affiliated to Turan-T IK
Aftandil Hajiyev is affiliated to Azerbaijan national football team
Aftandil Hajiyev is affiliated to Turan Tovuz PFK
Aftandil Hajiyev is affiliated to Qarabağ FK
Aftandil Hajiyev is affiliated to Neftchi Baku PFK
Aftandil Hajiyev is affiliated to Sumgayit FK
Aftandil Hajiyev is affiliated to MOIK Baku
Aftandil Hajiyev is affiliated to Baku FC
Aftandil Hajiyev is affiliated to Kapaz PFK
Colin Miles is affiliated to Dover Athletic F.C.
Colin Miles is affiliated to Woking F.C.
Colin Miles is affiliated to Hayes F.C.
Colin Miles is affiliated to Yeovil Town F.C.
Colin Miles is affiliated to Stevenage F.C.
Colin Miles is affiliated to Watford F.C.
Colin Miles is affiliated to Port Vale F.C.
Colin Miles is affiliated to Greenock Morton F.C.
Colin Miles is affiliated to Brentford F.C.
Colin Miles is affiliated to Barnet F.C.
Zdravko Drinčić is affiliated to FK Vojvodina
Zdravko Drinčić is affiliated to CA Osasuna
Zdravko Drinčić is affiliated to FK Sutjeska Nikšić
Zdravko Drinčić is affiliated to SV Waldhof Mannheim
Zdravko Drinčić is affiliated to VfL Bochum
Zdravko Drinčić is affiliated to F.K. Vojvodina
Zdravko Drinčić is affiliated to FK Rad
Zdravko Drinčić is affiliated to C.A. Osasuna
Zdravko Drinčić is affiliated to Neuchâtel Xamax
Zdravko Drinčić is affiliated to Panachaiki F.C.
Bernard Barnjak plays for Apollon Smyrni F.C.
Bernard Barnjak plays for Paniliakos F.C.
Bernard Barnjak plays for CD Castellón
Bernard Barnjak plays for F.C. Famalicão
Bernard Barnjak plays for HNK Hajduk Split
Bernard Barnjak plays for FK Sarajevo
Bernard Barnjak plays for F.K. Sarajevo
Bernard Barnjak plays for H.N.K. Hajduk Split
Bernard Barnjak plays for Yugoslavia national football team
Bernard Barnjak plays for C.D. Castellón
Fernando Morientes plays for Valencia CF
Fernando Morientes plays for Spain national under-18 football team
Fernando Morientes plays for Real Madrid C.F.
Fernando Morientes plays for Spain national under-21 football team
Fernando Morientes plays for Real Zaragoza
Fernando Morientes plays for Spain national under-20 football team
Fernando Morientes plays for AS Monaco FC
Fernando Morientes plays for Albacete Balompié
Fernando Morientes plays for Olympique de Marseille
Fernando Morientes plays for Liverpool F.C.
Amar Ammour is affiliated to ASM Oran
Amar Ammour is affiliated to Algeria A' national football team
Amar Ammour is affiliated to CR Belouizdad
Amar Ammour is affiliated to MC Alger
Amar Ammour is affiliated to USM Alger
Amar Ammour is affiliated to Algeria national football team
Amar Ammour is affiliated to CA Bordj Bou Arréridj
Amar Ammour is affiliated to ES Sétif
Amar Ammour is affiliated to MC Oran
Amar Ammour is affiliated to USM El Harrach
David Lee Roth has musical role wordnet sax 104141076
David Lee Roth has musical role wordnet harmonica 103494278
David Lee Roth has musical role wordnet synthesist 110687231
David Lee Roth has musical role wordnet vocal music 107282006
David Lee Roth has musical role wordnet guitar 103467517
David Lee Roth has musical role wordnet piano 103928116
David Lee Roth has musical role wordnet bass guitar 102804123
David Lee Roth has musical role wordnet keyboard 103614007
David Lee Roth has musical role wordnet drum 103249569
David Lee Roth has musical role wordnet percussion 100545059
Mike Pearson (footballer) is affiliated to Wales national under-17 football team
Mike Pearson (footballer) is affiliated to Airbus UK Broughton F.C.
Mike Pearson (footballer) is affiliated to Farsley Celtic A.F.C.
Mike Pearson (footballer) is affiliated to Barrow A.F.C.
Mike Pearson (footballer) is affiliated to Wales national semi-professional football team
Mike Pearson (footballer) is affiliated to Wales national under-19 football team
Mike Pearson (footballer) is affiliated to Oldham Athletic A.F.C.
Mike Pearson (footballer) is affiliated to Wales national under-21 football team
Mike Pearson (footballer) is affiliated to Droylsden F.C.
Mike Pearson (footballer) is affiliated to Wrexham F.C.
Hugo Barrientos has gender male
Hugo Barrientos has gender female
Hugo Barrientos has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Hugo Barrientos has gender United Kingdom
Hugo Barrientos has gender France
Hugo Barrientos has gender Paris
Hugo Barrientos has gender London
Hugo Barrientos has gender Eduardo Gomes International Airport
Hugo Barrientos has gender Tomsk
Hugo Barrientos has gender Africa
Thomas Kläsener plays for SSV Markranstädt
Thomas Kläsener plays for FC Schalke 04 II
Thomas Kläsener plays for RB Leipzig
Thomas Kläsener plays for SG Wattenscheid 09
Thomas Kläsener plays for Rot-Weiss Essen
Thomas Kläsener plays for FC Schalke 04
Thomas Kläsener plays for SC Paderborn 07
Thomas Kläsener plays for FC Augsburg
Thomas Kläsener plays for Germany national under-21 football team
Thomas Kläsener plays for Germany national youth football team
Andrés Imperiale plays for Oriente Petrolero
Andrés Imperiale plays for San Martín de Tucumán
Andrés Imperiale plays for Aris Limassol F.C.
Andrés Imperiale plays for Doxa Katokopias F.C.
Andrés Imperiale plays for C.D. Universidad de Concepción
Andrés Imperiale plays for Rosario Central
Andrés Imperiale plays for Club Blooming
Andrés Imperiale plays for C.A. Rosario Central
Andrés Imperiale plays for Club Bolívar
Andrés Imperiale plays for Atlético Tucumán
Leonīds Ostrovskis is affiliated to FK Rīgas Futbola skola
Leonīds Ostrovskis is affiliated to FC Torpedo Moscow
Leonīds Ostrovskis is affiliated to FC Dynamo Kyiv
Leonīds Ostrovskis is affiliated to FC Mashuk-KMV Pyatigorsk
Leonīds Ostrovskis is affiliated to Soviet Union national football team
Leonīds Ostrovskis is affiliated to F.C. Dynamo Kyiv
Leonīds Ostrovskis is affiliated to PFC CSKA Moscow
Leonīds Ostrovskis is affiliated to Latvia national football team
Leonīds Ostrovskis is affiliated to FC Dynamo-2 Kyiv
Leonīds Ostrovskis is affiliated to FC Dynamo Stavropol
César Cortés plays for Chile national football team
César Cortés plays for Huachipato
César Cortés plays for Deportes Puerto Montt
César Cortés plays for Club Deportivo Universidad Católica
César Cortés plays for Everton de Viña del Mar
César Cortés plays for Club Universidad de Chile
César Cortés plays for Albacete Balompié
César Cortés plays for CD Huachipato
César Cortés plays for Polonia Warsaw
César Cortés plays for Colo-Colo
Héctor Scarone is affiliated to Club Nacional de Football
Héctor Scarone is affiliated to FC Barcelona
Héctor Scarone is affiliated to Inter Milan
Héctor Scarone is affiliated to Uruguay national football team
Héctor Scarone is affiliated to U.S. Città di Palermo
Héctor Scarone is affiliated to Millonarios Fútbol Club
Héctor Scarone is affiliated to Peñarol
Héctor Scarone is affiliated to C.A. River Plate
Héctor Scarone is affiliated to Juventus F.C.
Héctor Scarone is affiliated to Club Atlético River Plate
René Schnitzler plays for Germany national youth football team
René Schnitzler plays for Borussia Mönchengladbach
René Schnitzler plays for Bayer 04 Leverkusen
René Schnitzler plays for de/FC Wegberg-Beeck
René Schnitzler plays for FC St. Pauli
René Schnitzler plays for de/Deutsche Fußballnationalmannschaft (U-20-Männer)
René Schnitzler plays for Germany national under-21 football team
René Schnitzler plays for de/Deutsche Fußballnationalmannschaft (U-19-Junioren)
René Schnitzler plays for Germany national football team
René Schnitzler plays for de/Deutsche Fußballnationalmannschaft (U-17-Junioren)
Władysław Anders has gender male
Władysław Anders has gender female
Władysław Anders has gender United Kingdom
Władysław Anders has gender Turkey
Władysław Anders has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Władysław Anders has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Władysław Anders has gender Azerbaijan
Władysław Anders has gender Tomsk
Władysław Anders has gender Bulgaria
Władysław Anders has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Lai Yiu Cheong is affiliated to Hong Kong national football team
Lai Yiu Cheong is affiliated to Yokohama FC Hong Kong
Lai Yiu Cheong is affiliated to Hong Kong national under-23 football team
Lai Yiu Cheong is affiliated to Tuen Mun SA
Lai Yiu Cheong is affiliated to Sun Pegasus FC
Lai Yiu Cheong is affiliated to Sun Hei SC
Lai Yiu Cheong is affiliated to Hong Kong Rangers FC
Lai Yiu Cheong is affiliated to Kitchee SC
Lai Yiu Cheong is affiliated to South China AA
Lai Yiu Cheong is affiliated to Eastern AA
Edwin Congo has gender male
Edwin Congo has gender female
Edwin Congo has gender Tomsk
Edwin Congo has gender Golden Globe Award
Edwin Congo has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Edwin Congo has gender New York City
Edwin Congo has gender Republican Party (United States)
Edwin Congo has gender Labour Party (UK)
Edwin Congo has gender London
Edwin Congo has gender César Award
Emma Thompson is married to Eric Thompson
Emma Thompson is married to Kenneth Branagh
Emma Thompson is married to Emma Thompson
Emma Thompson is married to Sam Mendes
Emma Thompson is married to Winona Ryder
Emma Thompson is married to Penelope Wilton
Emma Thompson is married to Brooke Shields
Emma Thompson is married to Sandra Bullock
Emma Thompson is married to Saffron Burrows
Emma Thompson is married to Maggie Smith
Nick Stahl has gender male
Nick Stahl has gender female
Nick Stahl has gender United Kingdom
Nick Stahl has gender Azerbaijan
Nick Stahl has gender Africa
Nick Stahl has gender Republican Party (United States)
Nick Stahl has gender Erasmus Prize
Nick Stahl has gender Turkey
Nick Stahl has gender France
Nick Stahl has gender Tomsk
Radoslav Kunzo is affiliated to FK Inter Bratislava
Radoslav Kunzo is affiliated to MFK Košice
Radoslav Kunzo is affiliated to ŠK Futura Humenné
Radoslav Kunzo is affiliated to Kapfenberger SV
Radoslav Kunzo is affiliated to ŠK SFM Senec
Radoslav Kunzo is affiliated to FK Púchov
Radoslav Kunzo is affiliated to Slovakia national football team
Radoslav Kunzo is affiliated to SV Kapfenberg
Radoslav Kunzo is affiliated to MŠK Žilina
Radoslav Kunzo is affiliated to ŠK Slovan Bratislava
Jay Smith (footballer born September 1981) is affiliated to Eastwood Town F.C.
Jay Smith (footballer born September 1981) is affiliated to A.F.C. Telford United
Jay Smith (footballer born September 1981) is affiliated to Oxford United F.C.
Jay Smith (footballer born September 1981) is affiliated to Notts County F.C.
Jay Smith (footballer born September 1981) is affiliated to Southend United F.C.
Jay Smith (footballer born September 1981) is affiliated to Tamworth F.C.
Jay Smith (footballer born September 1981) is affiliated to Aston Villa F.C.
Jay Smith (footballer born September 1981) is affiliated to Mansfield Town F.C.
Jay Smith (footballer born September 1981) is affiliated to Lincoln City F.C.
Jay Smith (footballer born September 1981) is affiliated to Kidderminster Harriers F.C.
Alexander Gerndt plays for AIK Fotboll
Alexander Gerndt plays for Gefle IF
Alexander Gerndt plays for FC Utrecht
Alexander Gerndt plays for Helsingborgs IF
Alexander Gerndt plays for AIK Solna
Alexander Gerndt plays for IK Sirius Fotboll
Alexander Gerndt plays for BSC Young Boys
Alexander Gerndt plays for Sweden national football team
Alexander Gerndt plays for F.C. Utrecht
Alexander Gerndt plays for Sweden national under-21 football team
Tosh McKinlay plays for Celtic F.C.
Tosh McKinlay plays for Kilmarnock F.C.
Tosh McKinlay plays for Dundee F.C.
Tosh McKinlay plays for Heart of Midlothian F.C.
Tosh McKinlay plays for Celtic Boys Club
Tosh McKinlay plays for Stoke City F.C.
Tosh McKinlay plays for Scotland national football team
Tosh McKinlay plays for Scotland national under-21 football team
Tosh McKinlay plays for Dundee United F.C.
Tosh McKinlay plays for Grasshopper Club Zürich
Scott Hiley plays for Tiverton Town F.C.
Scott Hiley plays for Portsmouth F.C.
Scott Hiley plays for Southampton F.C.
Scott Hiley plays for Birmingham City F.C.
Scott Hiley plays for Crawley Town F.C.
Scott Hiley plays for Exeter City F.C.
Scott Hiley plays for Manchester City F.C.
Scott Hiley plays for Plymouth Argyle F.C.
Scott Hiley plays for Torquay United F.C.
Scott Hiley plays for Weymouth F.C.
Stephan Keller is affiliated to Grasshopper Club Zürich
Stephan Keller is affiliated to Switzerland national football team
Stephan Keller is affiliated to FC Zürich
Stephan Keller is affiliated to FC Aarau
Stephan Keller is affiliated to Neuchâtel Xamax
Stephan Keller is affiliated to SC Kriens
Stephan Keller is affiliated to De Graafschap
Stephan Keller is affiliated to Switzerland national under-21 football team
Stephan Keller is affiliated to Willem II (football club)
Stephan Keller is affiliated to RKC Waalwijk
Nigel Martyn is affiliated to England national football B team
Nigel Martyn is affiliated to England national under-21 football team
Nigel Martyn is affiliated to England national football team
Nigel Martyn is affiliated to Leeds United A.F.C.
Nigel Martyn is affiliated to Everton F.C.
Nigel Martyn is affiliated to Crystal Palace F.C.
Nigel Martyn is affiliated to Bristol Rovers F.C.
Nigel Martyn is affiliated to Manchester City F.C.
Nigel Martyn is affiliated to Birmingham City F.C.
Nigel Martyn is affiliated to Aston Villa F.C.
Milivoje Ćirković is affiliated to FK Budućnost Valjevo
Milivoje Ćirković is affiliated to FK Teleoptik
Milivoje Ćirković is affiliated to FK Milicionar
Milivoje Ćirković is affiliated to FK Radnički Nova Pazova
Milivoje Ćirković is affiliated to FK Partizan
Milivoje Ćirković is affiliated to F.K. Partizan
Milivoje Ćirković is affiliated to Serbia national under-21 football team
Milivoje Ćirković is affiliated to FK Čukarički
Milivoje Ćirković is affiliated to Serbia national under-19 football team
Milivoje Ćirković is affiliated to Serbia national football team
Edson Ratinho is affiliated to Mogi Mirim Esporte Clube
Edson Ratinho is affiliated to AEK Athens F.C.
Edson Ratinho is affiliated to A.E.K. Athens F.C.
Edson Ratinho is affiliated to Campinense Clube
Edson Ratinho is affiliated to RCD Mallorca
Edson Ratinho is affiliated to F.C. Bunyodkor
Edson Ratinho is affiliated to Associação Desportiva São Caetano
Edson Ratinho is affiliated to Sport Club Internacional
Edson Ratinho is affiliated to FC Bunyodkor
Edson Ratinho is affiliated to São Paulo FC
Francesco Lunardini is affiliated to San Marino Calcio
Francesco Lunardini is affiliated to Alma Juventus Fano 1906
Francesco Lunardini is affiliated to Atessa Val di Sangro S.S.D.
Francesco Lunardini is affiliated to A.C. Pavia
Francesco Lunardini is affiliated to A.C. Rimini 1912
Francesco Lunardini is affiliated to Unione Triestina 2012 S.S.D.
Francesco Lunardini is affiliated to Parma F.C.
Francesco Lunardini is affiliated to A.S. Gubbio 1910
Francesco Lunardini is affiliated to A.C. Cesena
Francesco Lunardini is affiliated to A.C. Bellaria Igea Marina
Christophe Ott plays for FC Martigues
Christophe Ott plays for APEP F.C.
Christophe Ott plays for Chamois Niortais F.C.
Christophe Ott plays for Ionikos F.C.
Christophe Ott plays for Pau FC
Christophe Ott plays for Veria F.C.
Christophe Ott plays for SO Romorantin
Christophe Ott plays for Dijon FCO
Christophe Ott plays for Benin national football team
Christophe Ott plays for FC Rouen
Iwan Roberts has gender male
Iwan Roberts has gender female
Iwan Roberts has gender Azerbaijan
Iwan Roberts has gender Turkey
Iwan Roberts has gender César Award
Iwan Roberts has gender France
Iwan Roberts has gender Republican Party (United States)
Iwan Roberts has gender Golden Globe Award
Iwan Roberts has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Iwan Roberts has gender United States
Răzvan Țârlea is affiliated to CS Năvodari
Răzvan Țârlea is affiliated to CS Portul Constanța
Răzvan Țârlea is affiliated to FC Farul Constanța
Răzvan Țârlea is affiliated to FC Universitatea Cluj
Răzvan Țârlea is affiliated to Gabala FK
Răzvan Țârlea is affiliated to FC Petrolul Ploiești
Răzvan Țârlea is affiliated to Kapaz PFK
Răzvan Țârlea is affiliated to CFR Cluj
Răzvan Țârlea is affiliated to FC Politehnica Iași
Răzvan Țârlea is affiliated to FC Steaua București
Vasyl Shved plays for FC Karpaty-3 Lviv
Vasyl Shved plays for FC Karpaty-2 Lviv
Vasyl Shved plays for FC Halychyna Lviv
Vasyl Shved plays for KS Lublinianka
Vasyl Shved plays for FC Nyva Ternopil
Vasyl Shved plays for FC Karpaty Lviv
Vasyl Shved plays for FC Skala Stryi
Vasyl Shved plays for FC Mykolaiv
Vasyl Shved plays for FC Lviv
Vasyl Shved plays for FC Enerhetyk Burshtyn
Alain Caveglia is affiliated to fr/Le Havre Athletic Club
Alain Caveglia is affiliated to Le Havre AC
Alain Caveglia is affiliated to Le Havre A.C.
Alain Caveglia is affiliated to FC Gueugnon
Alain Caveglia is affiliated to FC Sochaux-Montbéliard
Alain Caveglia is affiliated to F.C. Sochaux-Montbéliard
Alain Caveglia is affiliated to Olympique Lyonnais
Alain Caveglia is affiliated to F.C. Nantes
Alain Caveglia is affiliated to FC Nantes
Alain Caveglia is affiliated to France national football team
Frank McKenna (footballer) is affiliated to Brooklyn Robins Dry Dock
Frank McKenna (footballer) is affiliated to Todd Shipyards (soccer team)
Frank McKenna (footballer) is affiliated to Indiana Flooring
Frank McKenna (footballer) is affiliated to Pawtucket Rangers
Frank McKenna (footballer) is affiliated to New York Nationals (ASL)
Frank McKenna (footballer) is affiliated to Vale of Leven F.C.
Frank McKenna (footballer) is affiliated to Providence F.C.
Frank McKenna (footballer) is affiliated to Fall River Marksmen
Frank McKenna (footballer) is affiliated to Bethlehem Steel F.C.
Frank McKenna (footballer) is affiliated to Paterson F.C. (NAFBL)
Madrid–Barajas Airport is connected to Madrid–Barajas Airport
Madrid–Barajas Airport is connected to Barcelona–El Prat Airport
Madrid–Barajas Airport is connected to Mohammed V International Airport
Madrid–Barajas Airport is connected to Lisbon Portela Airport
Madrid–Barajas Airport is connected to Charles de Gaulle Airport
Madrid–Barajas Airport is connected to Amsterdam Airport Schiphol
Madrid–Barajas Airport is connected to Valencia Airport
Madrid–Barajas Airport is connected to Brussels Airport
Madrid–Barajas Airport is connected to Málaga Airport
Madrid–Barajas Airport is connected to Frankfurt Airport
Laurie Calloway plays for Southern California Lazers
Laurie Calloway plays for Southport F.C.
Laurie Calloway plays for Shrewsbury Town F.C.
Laurie Calloway plays for Rochdale A.F.C.
Laurie Calloway plays for York City F.C.
Laurie Calloway plays for Blackburn Rovers F.C.
Laurie Calloway plays for San Jose Earthquakes (1974–88)
Laurie Calloway plays for Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C.
Laurie Calloway plays for Des Moines Menace
Laurie Calloway plays for Blackpool F.C.
Kevin McHattie is affiliated to Alloa Athletic F.C.
Kevin McHattie is affiliated to Dunfermline Athletic F.C.
Kevin McHattie is affiliated to Heart of Midlothian F.C.
Kevin McHattie is affiliated to Scotland national under-17 football team
Kevin McHattie is affiliated to Scotland national under-21 football team
Kevin McHattie is affiliated to Scotland national football team
Kevin McHattie is affiliated to Scotland national under-19 football team
Kevin McHattie is affiliated to Raith Rovers F.C.
Kevin McHattie is affiliated to Rangers F.C.
Kevin McHattie is affiliated to Dundee United F.C.
Eduard Shevardnadze is affiliated to Independent (politician)
Eduard Shevardnadze is affiliated to Communist Party of the Soviet Union
Eduard Shevardnadze is affiliated to United Russia
Eduard Shevardnadze is affiliated to Republican Party (United States)
Eduard Shevardnadze is affiliated to Democratic Party (United States)
Eduard Shevardnadze is affiliated to Manager (association football)
Eduard Shevardnadze is affiliated to Polish United Workers' Party
Eduard Shevardnadze is affiliated to Communist Party of Cuba
Eduard Shevardnadze is affiliated to Romanian Communist Party
Eduard Shevardnadze is affiliated to F.C. Dynamo Kyiv
Staying Alive (1983 film) is located in United States
Staying Alive (1983 film) is located in United Kingdom
Staying Alive (1983 film) is located in Canada
Staying Alive (1983 film) is located in Germany
Staying Alive (1983 film) is located in France
Staying Alive (1983 film) is located in India
Staying Alive (1983 film) is located in Italy
Staying Alive (1983 film) is located in Japan
Staying Alive (1983 film) is located in China
Staying Alive (1983 film) is located in Hong Kong
Echendu Adiele plays for Borussia Neunkirchen
Echendu Adiele plays for Sharks F.C.
Echendu Adiele plays for TSV Amicitia Viernheim
Echendu Adiele plays for SV Darmstadt 98
Echendu Adiele plays for Fortuna Düsseldorf
Echendu Adiele plays for 1. FC Saarbrücken
Echendu Adiele plays for SV Waldhof Mannheim
Echendu Adiele plays for 1.F.C. Saarbrücken
Echendu Adiele plays for Nigeria national football team
Echendu Adiele plays for Eintracht Frankfurt
Brahim Bedbouda plays for MC Alger
Brahim Bedbouda plays for Algeria national under-20 football team
Brahim Bedbouda plays for Algeria A' national football team
Brahim Bedbouda plays for USM Alger
Brahim Bedbouda plays for Le Mans FC
Brahim Bedbouda plays for Le Mans U.C. 72
Brahim Bedbouda plays for Algeria national under-23 football team
Brahim Bedbouda plays for Algeria national football team
Brahim Bedbouda plays for ES Sétif
Brahim Bedbouda plays for JS Kabylie
Adnan Bešić plays for NK Aluminij
Adnan Bešić plays for NK Krka
Adnan Bešić plays for Slovenia national under-17 football team
Adnan Bešić plays for Slovenia national under-19 football team
Adnan Bešić plays for NK Olimpija Ljubljana (2005)
Adnan Bešić plays for Slovenia national under-21 football team
Adnan Bešić plays for NK Domžale
Adnan Bešić plays for Slovenia national football team
Adnan Bešić plays for NK Ljubljana
Adnan Bešić plays for ND Gorica
Houston Rockets is located in Houston
"Houston Rockets is located in Portland, Oregon"
Houston Rockets is located in Athens
"Houston Rockets is located in Washington, D.C."
Houston Rockets is located in Texas
Houston Rockets is located in Dallas
Houston Rockets is located in San Antonio
"Houston Rockets is located in Charlotte, North Carolina"
Houston Rockets is located in Chicago
Houston Rockets is located in Denver
Vítor Moreno is affiliated to F.C. Barreirense
Vítor Moreno is affiliated to Odivelas F.C.
Vítor Moreno is affiliated to Atlético Clube de Portugal
Vítor Moreno is affiliated to Cape Verde national football team
Vítor Moreno is affiliated to C.F. Estrela da Amadora
Vítor Moreno is affiliated to G.D. Estoril Praia
Vítor Moreno is affiliated to C.F. Benfica
Vítor Moreno is affiliated to Portimonense S.C.
Vítor Moreno is affiliated to AD Ceuta
Vítor Moreno is affiliated to U.D. Leiria
"Fulton, Oswego County, New York is located in Oswego County, New York"
"Fulton, Oswego County, New York is located in United States"
"Fulton, Oswego County, New York is located in Poland"
"Fulton, Oswego County, New York is located in Fulton, Oswego County, New York"
"Fulton, Oswego County, New York is located in France"
"Fulton, Oswego County, New York is located in Japan"
"Fulton, Oswego County, New York is located in Illinois"
"Fulton, Oswego County, New York is located in Europe"
"Fulton, Oswego County, New York is located in Italy"
"Fulton, Oswego County, New York is located in Czech Republic"
Brent Carelse was born in Cape Town
Brent Carelse was born in Durban
Brent Carelse was born in Johannesburg
Brent Carelse was born in Pietermaritzburg
Brent Carelse was born in Soweto
Brent Carelse was born in London
Brent Carelse was born in Boksburg
Brent Carelse was born in Pretoria
Brent Carelse was born in Bloemfontein
Brent Carelse was born in Port Elizabeth
Renato Arapi is affiliated to Albania national under-21 football team
Renato Arapi is affiliated to Albania national under-19 football team
Renato Arapi is affiliated to KF Teuta Durrës
Renato Arapi is affiliated to KF Erzeni
Renato Arapi is affiliated to KS Dinamo Tirana
Renato Arapi is affiliated to Besa Kavajë
Renato Arapi is affiliated to Shkumbini Peqin
Renato Arapi is affiliated to KF Skënderbeu Korçë
Renato Arapi is affiliated to Albania national football team
Renato Arapi is affiliated to Silkeborg IF
Genc Mehmeti is affiliated to FC Emmenbrücke
Genc Mehmeti is affiliated to SC Kriens
Genc Mehmeti is affiliated to FC Baden
Genc Mehmeti is affiliated to FC Schaffhausen
Genc Mehmeti is affiliated to FC Luzern
Genc Mehmeti is affiliated to AC Bellinzona
Genc Mehmeti is affiliated to FC Wil 1900
Genc Mehmeti is affiliated to FC Wangen bei Olten
Genc Mehmeti is affiliated to FC Wohlen
Genc Mehmeti is affiliated to FC Winterthur
George Uhlenbeck has gender male
George Uhlenbeck has gender female
George Uhlenbeck has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
George Uhlenbeck has gender Turkey
George Uhlenbeck has gender United Kingdom
George Uhlenbeck has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
George Uhlenbeck has gender London Heathrow Terminal 3
George Uhlenbeck has gender London Heathrow Terminal 1
George Uhlenbeck has gender France
George Uhlenbeck has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Ney Costa is affiliated to Atlético Olanchano
Ney Costa is affiliated to Deportes Savio
Ney Costa is affiliated to Pumas UNAH
Ney Costa is affiliated to Comayagua F.C.
Ney Costa is affiliated to Real C.D. España
Ney Costa is affiliated to Comercial Futebol Clube (Ribeirão Preto)
Ney Costa is affiliated to C.D.S. Vida
Ney Costa is affiliated to Honduras national football team
Ney Costa is affiliated to C.D. Motagua
Ney Costa is affiliated to C.D. Marathón
Michael Jordan (footballer) has gender male
Michael Jordan (footballer) has gender female
Michael Jordan (footballer) has gender César Award
Michael Jordan (footballer) has gender Turkey
Michael Jordan (footballer) has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Michael Jordan (footballer) has gender France
Michael Jordan (footballer) has gender Laureus World Sports Awards
Michael Jordan (footballer) has gender South Korea
Michael Jordan (footballer) has gender Azerbaijan
Michael Jordan (footballer) has gender Tomsk
Lech Kaczyński was born in Smolensk
Lech Kaczyński was born in Warsaw
Lech Kaczyński was born in Lech Kaczyński
Lech Kaczyński was born in Lviv
Lech Kaczyński was born in Saint Petersburg
Lech Kaczyński was born in Moscow
Lech Kaczyński was born in Riga
Lech Kaczyński was born in Paris
Lech Kaczyński was born in Vilnius
Lech Kaczyński was born in Gdańsk
Séïdath Tchomogo is affiliated to AS Dragons FC de l'Ouémé
Séïdath Tchomogo is affiliated to Al-Suwaiq Club
Séïdath Tchomogo is affiliated to Benin national football team
Séïdath Tchomogo is affiliated to Al-Oruba SC
Séïdath Tchomogo is affiliated to Bridge Boys F.C.
Séïdath Tchomogo is affiliated to FC Energie Cottbus
Séïdath Tchomogo is affiliated to FC Metz
Séïdath Tchomogo is affiliated to F.C. Metz
Séïdath Tchomogo is affiliated to Nigeria national football team
Séïdath Tchomogo is affiliated to Enyimba International F.C.
Otto Hemele was born in Prague
Otto Hemele was born in Brno
Otto Hemele was born in Třinec
Otto Hemele was born in London
Otto Hemele was born in Zlín
Otto Hemele was born in Čáslav
Otto Hemele was born in Kladno
Otto Hemele was born in Paris
Otto Hemele was born in Prostějov
Otto Hemele was born in Mladá Boleslav
Charlie Mulgrew is affiliated to Celtic F.C.
Charlie Mulgrew is affiliated to Aberdeen F.C.
Charlie Mulgrew is affiliated to Dundee United F.C.
Charlie Mulgrew is affiliated to Southend United F.C.
Charlie Mulgrew is affiliated to Scotland national under-21 football team
Charlie Mulgrew is affiliated to Scotland national football team
Charlie Mulgrew is affiliated to Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C.
Charlie Mulgrew is affiliated to Motherwell F.C.
Charlie Mulgrew is affiliated to Dundee F.C.
Charlie Mulgrew is affiliated to Scotland national football B team
Vladimir Petković is affiliated to FC Martigny-Sports
Vladimir Petković is affiliated to SC Buochs
Vladimir Petković is affiliated to FC Chur 97
Vladimir Petković is affiliated to AC Bellinzona
Vladimir Petković is affiliated to FC Locarno
Vladimir Petković is affiliated to FK Sarajevo
Vladimir Petković is affiliated to FC Malcantone Agno
Vladimir Petković is affiliated to FK Rudar Prijedor
Vladimir Petković is affiliated to FC Sion
Vladimir Petković is affiliated to F.K. Sarajevo
Vasilije Prodanović is affiliated to FK Novi Pazar
Vasilije Prodanović is affiliated to FK Bežanija
Vasilije Prodanović is affiliated to FK Čukarički
Vasilije Prodanović is affiliated to KS Kastrioti
Vasilije Prodanović is affiliated to FK Zemun
Vasilije Prodanović is affiliated to FK Jedinstvo Ub
Vasilije Prodanović is affiliated to FK Borac Čačak
Vasilije Prodanović is affiliated to Polonia Bytom
Vasilije Prodanović is affiliated to FK Jagodina
Vasilije Prodanović is affiliated to Red Star Belgrade
Viktor Petakov is affiliated to PFC Pirin Gotse Delchev
Viktor Petakov is affiliated to Bulgaria national under-21 football team
Viktor Petakov is affiliated to OFC Pomorie
Viktor Petakov is affiliated to FC Vitosha Bistritsa
Viktor Petakov is affiliated to Bulgaria national under-17 football team
Viktor Petakov is affiliated to PFC Lokomotiv Mezdra
Viktor Petakov is affiliated to PFC Pirin Blagoevgrad
Viktor Petakov is affiliated to OFC Sliven 2000
Viktor Petakov is affiliated to Bulgaria national under-19 football team
Viktor Petakov is affiliated to PSFC Chernomorets Burgas
Kyle Letheren is affiliated to Swansea City A.F.C.
Kyle Letheren is affiliated to Wales national under-21 football team
Kyle Letheren is affiliated to Newport County A.F.C.
Kyle Letheren is affiliated to Doncaster Rovers F.C.
Kyle Letheren is affiliated to Kilmarnock F.C.
Kyle Letheren is affiliated to Dundee F.C.
Kyle Letheren is affiliated to Plymouth Argyle F.C.
Kyle Letheren is affiliated to Barnsley F.C.
Kyle Letheren is affiliated to Wales national football team
Kyle Letheren is affiliated to Cardiff City F.C.
Josip Balatinac plays for Croatia national under-21 football team
Josip Balatinac plays for Croatia national under-19 football team
Josip Balatinac plays for NK Hrvatski Dragovoljac
Josip Balatinac plays for NK Osijek
Josip Balatinac plays for HNK Hajduk Split
Josip Balatinac plays for Croatia national football team
Josip Balatinac plays for ASKÖ Pasching
Josip Balatinac plays for H.N.K. Hajduk Split
Josip Balatinac plays for Croatia national under-17 football team
Josip Balatinac plays for HNK Rijeka
Emilio Butragueño is affiliated to Club Celaya
Emilio Butragueño is affiliated to Atlético Celaya
Emilio Butragueño is affiliated to Real Madrid Castilla
Emilio Butragueño is affiliated to Real Madrid C.F.
Emilio Butragueño is affiliated to Spain national under-21 football team
Emilio Butragueño is affiliated to Spain national football team
Emilio Butragueño is affiliated to Real Madrid C
Emilio Butragueño is affiliated to Spain national under-23 football team
Emilio Butragueño is affiliated to Spain national under-18 football team
Emilio Butragueño is affiliated to Rayo Vallecano
Akita Prefecture is located in Akita Prefecture
Akita Prefecture is located in Tōhoku region
Akita Prefecture is located in Japan
Akita Prefecture is located in United States
Akita Prefecture is located in Asia
Akita Prefecture is located in Tohoku
Akita Prefecture is located in Honshu
Akita Prefecture is located in East Asia
Akita Prefecture is located in Europe
Akita Prefecture is located in Akita (prefecture)
Matthew Mbuta is affiliated to PWD Bamenda
Matthew Mbuta is affiliated to Dohuk SC
Matthew Mbuta is affiliated to Army United F.C.
Matthew Mbuta is affiliated to Syrianska FC
Matthew Mbuta is affiliated to Brunei DPMM FC
Matthew Mbuta is affiliated to Richmond Kickers
Matthew Mbuta is affiliated to Crystal Palace Baltimore
Matthew Mbuta is affiliated to New York Red Bulls
Matthew Mbuta is affiliated to FC Dinamo București
Matthew Mbuta is affiliated to Cameroon national football team
"Powder Springs, Georgia is located in Cobb County, Georgia"
"Powder Springs, Georgia is located in Georgia (U.S. state)"
"Powder Springs, Georgia is located in United States"
"Powder Springs, Georgia is located in France"
"Powder Springs, Georgia is located in Poland"
"Powder Springs, Georgia is located in United Kingdom"
"Powder Springs, Georgia is located in California"
"Powder Springs, Georgia is located in Texas"
"Powder Springs, Georgia is located in Atlanta"
"Powder Springs, Georgia is located in Michigan"
Frank Press graduated from City College of New York
Frank Press graduated from Harvard University
Frank Press graduated from California Institute of Technology
Frank Press graduated from Columbia University
Frank Press graduated from University of Chicago
Frank Press graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology
Frank Press graduated from University of Cambridge
"Frank Press graduated from University of California, Berkeley"
Frank Press graduated from Yale University
Frank Press graduated from Princeton University
Bradley Allen plays for Redbridge F.C.
Bradley Allen plays for Hornchurch F.C.
Bradley Allen plays for Colchester United F.C.
Bradley Allen plays for Bristol Rovers F.C.
Bradley Allen plays for Peterborough United F.C.
Bradley Allen plays for Grimsby Town F.C.
Bradley Allen plays for Queens Park Rangers F.C.
Bradley Allen plays for Charlton Athletic F.C.
Bradley Allen plays for England national under-21 football team
Bradley Allen plays for Southend United F.C.
Tamás Vaskó is affiliated to Újpest FC
Tamás Vaskó is affiliated to Puskás Akadémia FC
Tamás Vaskó is affiliated to Mezőkövesd-Zsóry SE
Tamás Vaskó is affiliated to Vasas SC
Tamás Vaskó is affiliated to Videoton FC
Tamás Vaskó is affiliated to Kecskeméti TE
Tamás Vaskó is affiliated to Hungary national football team
Tamás Vaskó is affiliated to FC Tatabánya
Tamás Vaskó is affiliated to A.S. Avellino 1912
Tamás Vaskó is affiliated to Bristol City F.C.
Octavian Abrudan is affiliated to FC Universitatea Cluj
Octavian Abrudan is affiliated to FC Brașov
Octavian Abrudan is affiliated to FC Rapid București
Octavian Abrudan is affiliated to FC Steaua București
Octavian Abrudan is affiliated to ACF Gloria Bistrița
Octavian Abrudan is affiliated to F.C. Steaua Bucureşti
Octavian Abrudan is affiliated to Romania national football team
Octavian Abrudan is affiliated to FC Vaslui
Octavian Abrudan is affiliated to Romania national under-21 football team
Octavian Abrudan is affiliated to FC Petrolul Ploiești
Samson Godwin is affiliated to FC Slavia-Mozyr
Samson Godwin is affiliated to FC Karpaty Lviv
Samson Godwin is affiliated to FC Minsk
Samson Godwin is affiliated to Gabros International F.C.
Samson Godwin is affiliated to Podbeskidzie Bielsko-Biała
Samson Godwin is affiliated to FC Volyn Lutsk
Samson Godwin is affiliated to FC Shakhter Karagandy
Samson Godwin is affiliated to GKS Katowice
Samson Godwin is affiliated to Nigeria national football team
Samson Godwin is affiliated to FC Karpaty-2 Lviv
Yohan Mollo plays for AS Saint-Étienne
Yohan Mollo plays for AS Monaco FC
Yohan Mollo plays for Stade Malherbe Caen
Yohan Mollo plays for Granada CF
Yohan Mollo plays for AS Nancy
Yohan Mollo plays for Olympique de Marseille
Yohan Mollo plays for S.M. Caen
Yohan Mollo plays for A.S. Monaco F.C.
Yohan Mollo plays for A.S. Saint-Étienne
Yohan Mollo plays for France national under-21 football team
Hugo Curioni plays for Instituto Atlético Central Córdoba
Hugo Curioni plays for Club de Gimnasia y Esgrima La Plata
Hugo Curioni plays for Troyes AC
Hugo Curioni plays for Boca Juniors
Hugo Curioni plays for Deportivo Toluca F.C.
Hugo Curioni plays for FC Metz
Hugo Curioni plays for Montpellier HSC
Hugo Curioni plays for FC Nantes
Hugo Curioni plays for F.C. Metz
Hugo Curioni plays for Montpellier H.S.C.
Igor Siqueira Pessanha is affiliated to Adap Galo Maringá Football Club
Igor Siqueira Pessanha is affiliated to Clube Atlético Paranaense
Igor Siqueira Pessanha is affiliated to Sport Club Corinthians Paulista
Igor Siqueira Pessanha is affiliated to Esporte Clube Santo André
Igor Siqueira Pessanha is affiliated to Sevilla Atlético
Igor Siqueira Pessanha is affiliated to C.F. Os Belenenses
Igor Siqueira Pessanha is affiliated to Esporte Clube Juventude
Igor Siqueira Pessanha is affiliated to Cruzeiro Esporte Clube
Igor Siqueira Pessanha is affiliated to Cruzeiro E.C.
Igor Siqueira Pessanha is affiliated to Santos FC
Rekha has won prize Filmfare Awards
Rekha has won prize Padma Shri
Rekha has won prize Padma Bhushan
Rekha has won prize National Film Awards (India)
Rekha has won prize Golden Globe Award
Rekha has won prize Filmfare Awards South
Rekha has won prize Tamil Nadu State Film Awards
Rekha has won prize Sangeet Natak Akademi Award
Rekha has won prize Tony Award
Rekha has won prize Bengal Film Journalists' Association Awards
Kim Jong-kyung is affiliated to Persitara North Jakarta
Kim Jong-kyung is affiliated to Persipura Jayapura
Kim Jong-kyung is affiliated to Hongik University
Kim Jong-kyung is affiliated to Daegu FC
Kim Jong-kyung is affiliated to Gyeongnam FC
Kim Jong-kyung is affiliated to Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors
Kim Jong-kyung is affiliated to Gwangju Sangmu FC
Kim Jong-kyung is affiliated to Pohang Steelers
Kim Jong-kyung is affiliated to Jeonnam Dragons
Kim Jong-kyung is affiliated to Jeju United FC
Ken Griffiths is affiliated to GKN Sankey F.C.
Ken Griffiths is affiliated to Nantwich Town F.C.
Ken Griffiths is affiliated to Stafford Rangers F.C.
Ken Griffiths is affiliated to Port Vale F.C.
Ken Griffiths is affiliated to Telford United F.C.
Ken Griffiths is affiliated to Northwich Victoria F.C.
Ken Griffiths is affiliated to Macclesfield Town F.C.
Ken Griffiths is affiliated to Mansfield Town F.C.
Ken Griffiths is affiliated to Crewe Alexandra F.C.
Ken Griffiths is affiliated to Leek Town F.C.
Gary Rogers plays for St Francis F.C.
Gary Rogers plays for St Patrick's Athletic F.C.
Gary Rogers plays for Bray Wanderers A.F.C.
Gary Rogers plays for Sligo Rovers F.C.
Gary Rogers plays for Galway United F.C.
Gary Rogers plays for Shelbourne F.C.
Gary Rogers plays for Drogheda United F.C.
Gary Rogers plays for League of Ireland XI
Gary Rogers plays for Dublin City F.C.
Gary Rogers plays for Shamrock Rovers F.C.
Arnold Kruiswijk plays for Roda JC Kerkrade
Arnold Kruiswijk plays for SC Heerenveen
Arnold Kruiswijk plays for Vitesse
Arnold Kruiswijk plays for R.S.C. Anderlecht
Arnold Kruiswijk plays for Netherlands national under-21 football team
Arnold Kruiswijk plays for FC Groningen
Arnold Kruiswijk plays for Netherlands national football team
Arnold Kruiswijk plays for AFC Ajax
Arnold Kruiswijk plays for Feyenoord
Arnold Kruiswijk plays for NAC Breda
Richard Spong is affiliated to IF Brommapojkarna
Richard Spong is affiliated to IK Frej
Richard Spong is affiliated to GAIS
Richard Spong is affiliated to Djurgårdens IF Fotboll
Richard Spong is affiliated to IFK Norrköping
Richard Spong is affiliated to Sweden national under-19 football team
Richard Spong is affiliated to Coventry City F.C.
Richard Spong is affiliated to Djurgårdens I.F.
Richard Spong is affiliated to Sweden national under-17 football team
Richard Spong is affiliated to Sweden national football team
Antônio Benedito da Silva is affiliated to Esporte Clube XV de Novembro (Jaú)
Antônio Benedito da Silva is affiliated to C.R. Vasco da Gama
Antônio Benedito da Silva is affiliated to Shimizu S-Pulse
Antônio Benedito da Silva is affiliated to Tokyo Verdy
Antônio Benedito da Silva is affiliated to CR Vasco da Gama
Antônio Benedito da Silva is affiliated to Urawa Red Diamonds
Antônio Benedito da Silva is affiliated to Guarani Futebol Clube
Antônio Benedito da Silva is affiliated to Brazil national football team
Antônio Benedito da Silva is affiliated to Associação Portuguesa de Desportos
Antônio Benedito da Silva is affiliated to C.R. Flamengo
Marijan Budimir plays for NK Trnje
Marijan Budimir plays for NK Inter Zaprešić
Marijan Budimir plays for FK Vėtra
Marijan Budimir plays for NK Celje
Marijan Budimir plays for HNK Hajduk Split
Marijan Budimir plays for NK Karlovac
Marijan Budimir plays for Udinese Calcio
Marijan Budimir plays for H.N.K. Hajduk Split
Marijan Budimir plays for NK Hrvatski Dragovoljac
Marijan Budimir plays for HNK Šibenik
Stewart Yetton is affiliated to Truro City F.C.
Stewart Yetton is affiliated to Tiverton Town F.C.
Stewart Yetton is affiliated to Weymouth F.C.
Stewart Yetton is affiliated to Plymouth Argyle F.C.
Stewart Yetton is affiliated to Torquay United F.C.
Stewart Yetton is affiliated to Exeter City F.C.
Stewart Yetton is affiliated to Dorchester Town F.C.
Stewart Yetton is affiliated to Yeovil Town F.C.
Stewart Yetton is affiliated to A.F.C. Bournemouth
Stewart Yetton is affiliated to Bristol Rovers F.C.
José Sanfilippo is affiliated to C.A. San Lorenzo de Almagro
José Sanfilippo is affiliated to Boca Juniors
José Sanfilippo is affiliated to San Lorenzo de Almagro
José Sanfilippo is affiliated to Esporte Clube Bahia
José Sanfilippo is affiliated to Club Atlético San Miguel
José Sanfilippo is affiliated to Club Atlético Banfield
José Sanfilippo is affiliated to Argentina national football team
José Sanfilippo is affiliated to Bangu Atlético Clube
José Sanfilippo is affiliated to Club Nacional de Football
José Sanfilippo is affiliated to E.C. Bahia
Marko Šimić (footballer born 1988) plays for Croatia national under-19 football team
Marko Šimić (footballer born 1988) plays for Croatia national under-21 football team
Marko Šimić (footballer born 1988) plays for Croatia national under-20 football team
Marko Šimić (footballer born 1988) plays for NK Inter Zaprešić
Marko Šimić (footballer born 1988) plays for NK Lokomotiva
Marko Šimić (footballer born 1988) plays for NK Zagreb
Marko Šimić (footballer born 1988) plays for NK Sesvete
Marko Šimić (footballer born 1988) plays for HNK Rijeka
Marko Šimić (footballer born 1988) plays for ND Mura 05
Marko Šimić (footballer born 1988) plays for FC Daugava
Vasil Gigiadze is affiliated to FC Torpedo Kutaisi
Vasil Gigiadze is affiliated to FC Samtredia
Vasil Gigiadze is affiliated to SC Tavriya Simferopol
Vasil Gigiadze is affiliated to FC Naftovyk-Ukrnafta Okhtyrka
Vasil Gigiadze is affiliated to FC Dinamo Tbilisi
Vasil Gigiadze is affiliated to FC Kryvbas Kryvyi Rih
Vasil Gigiadze is affiliated to FC Elista
Vasil Gigiadze is affiliated to S.K. Tavriya Simferopol
Vasil Gigiadze is affiliated to Georgia national football team
Vasil Gigiadze is affiliated to FC Lokomotivi Tbilisi
Camille Oponga plays for ES Viry-Châtillon
Camille Oponga plays for Pacy Vallée-d'Eure
Camille Oponga plays for Villemomble Sports
Camille Oponga plays for AS Cannes
Camille Oponga plays for Pau FC
Camille Oponga plays for Red Star F.C.
Camille Oponga plays for Falkirk F.C.
Camille Oponga plays for Congo national football team
Camille Oponga plays for A.S. Cannes Football
Camille Oponga plays for US Sénart-Moissy
Ángeles González-Sinde was born in Madrid
Ángeles González-Sinde was born in London
Ángeles González-Sinde was born in New York City
"Ángeles González-Sinde was born in Washington, D.C."
Ángeles González-Sinde was born in Paris
Ángeles González-Sinde was born in Chicago
Ángeles González-Sinde was born in St. Louis
Ángeles González-Sinde was born in Ángeles González-Sinde
Ángeles González-Sinde was born in Los Angeles
Ángeles González-Sinde was born in Detroit
Cha Bum-kun plays for Korea University
Cha Bum-kun plays for South Korea national football team
Cha Bum-kun plays for SV Darmstadt 98
Cha Bum-kun plays for Eintracht Frankfurt
Cha Bum-kun plays for Bayer 04 Leverkusen
Cha Bum-kun plays for South Korea national under-23 football team
Cha Bum-kun plays for 1. FSV Mainz 05
Cha Bum-kun plays for 1. FC Kaiserslautern
Cha Bum-kun plays for FC Seoul
Cha Bum-kun plays for Eintracht Frankfurt II
Alin Lițu is affiliated to FC Steaua II București
Alin Lițu is affiliated to CS Jiul Petroșani
Alin Lițu is affiliated to ASIL Lysi
Alin Lițu is affiliated to FC Gloria Buzău
Alin Lițu is affiliated to Romania national under-21 football team
Alin Lițu is affiliated to FC Steaua București
Alin Lițu is affiliated to CS Gaz Metan Mediaș
Alin Lițu is affiliated to FC Universitatea Craiova
Alin Lițu is affiliated to F.C. Steaua Bucureşti
Alin Lițu is affiliated to Romania national football team
Luis Enrique (footballer) is affiliated to Sporting de Gijón B
Luis Enrique (footballer) is affiliated to Sporting de Gijón
Luis Enrique (footballer) is affiliated to FC Barcelona
Luis Enrique (footballer) is affiliated to Real Madrid C.F.
Luis Enrique (footballer) is affiliated to Spain national under-23 football team
Luis Enrique (footballer) is affiliated to Spain national football team
Luis Enrique (footballer) is affiliated to Manager (association football)
Luis Enrique (footballer) is affiliated to Spain national under-21 football team
Luis Enrique (footballer) is affiliated to Real Zaragoza
Luis Enrique (footballer) is affiliated to Spain national under-18 football team
Old Shatterhand (film) is located in West Germany
Old Shatterhand (film) is located in Yugoslavia
Old Shatterhand (film) is located in Germany
Old Shatterhand (film) is located in Italy
Old Shatterhand (film) is located in United States
Old Shatterhand (film) is located in United Kingdom
Old Shatterhand (film) is located in France
Old Shatterhand (film) is located in Spain
Old Shatterhand (film) is located in China
Old Shatterhand (film) is located in Soviet Union
Dmitri Shomko is affiliated to Kazakhstan national football team
Dmitri Shomko is affiliated to FC Irtysh Pavlodar
Dmitri Shomko is affiliated to Kazakhstan national under-21 football team
Dmitri Shomko is affiliated to FC Ekibastuzets
Dmitri Shomko is affiliated to FC Ekibastuz
Dmitri Shomko is affiliated to FC Astana
Dmitri Shomko is affiliated to FC Kairat
Dmitri Shomko is affiliated to FC Tobol
Dmitri Shomko is affiliated to FC Shakhter Karagandy
Dmitri Shomko is affiliated to FC Astana-1964
Miroslav Vajs is affiliated to FK Metalurg Skopje
Miroslav Vajs is affiliated to FK Vardar
Miroslav Vajs is affiliated to FK Rabotnički
Miroslav Vajs is affiliated to HNK Rijeka
Miroslav Vajs is affiliated to Macedonia national football team
Miroslav Vajs is affiliated to HNK Hajduk Split
Miroslav Vajs is affiliated to H.N.K. Rijeka
Miroslav Vajs is affiliated to H.N.K. Hajduk Split
Miroslav Vajs is affiliated to Hapoel Be'er Sheva F.C.
Miroslav Vajs is affiliated to FK Makedonija Gjorče Petrov
Manuel Lanzarote Bruno plays for UE Sant Andreu
Manuel Lanzarote Bruno plays for UE Lleida
Manuel Lanzarote Bruno plays for CE Sabadell FC
Manuel Lanzarote Bruno plays for FC Barcelona
Manuel Lanzarote Bruno plays for CD Atlético Baleares
Manuel Lanzarote Bruno plays for FC Barcelona B
Manuel Lanzarote Bruno plays for FC Barcelona C
Manuel Lanzarote Bruno plays for Real Oviedo
Manuel Lanzarote Bruno plays for SD Eibar
Manuel Lanzarote Bruno plays for RCD Espanyol
Riccardo Meili plays for FC Concordia Basel
Riccardo Meili plays for FC Wil 1900
Riccardo Meili plays for FC Basel
Riccardo Meili plays for FC Vaduz
Riccardo Meili plays for Panionios G.S.S.
Riccardo Meili plays for FC Frauenfeld
Riccardo Meili plays for Panionios F.C
Riccardo Meili plays for FC St. Gallen
Riccardo Meili plays for Grasshopper Club Zürich
Riccardo Meili plays for FC Winterthur
Lukáš Magera plays for Czech Republic national under-21 football team
Lukáš Magera plays for FK Mladá Boleslav
Lukáš Magera plays for FC Baník Ostrava
Lukáš Magera plays for Czech Republic national football team
Lukáš Magera plays for FC Politehnica Timișoara
Lukáš Magera plays for Swindon Town F.C.
Lukáš Magera plays for SK Kladno
Lukáš Magera plays for AC Sparta Prague
Lukáš Magera plays for SK Slavia Prague
Lukáš Magera plays for FC Viktoria Plzeň
Patrice Evra is affiliated to OGC Nice
Patrice Evra is affiliated to S.C. Marsala 1912
Patrice Evra is affiliated to France national football team
Patrice Evra is affiliated to O.G.C. Nice
Patrice Evra is affiliated to France national under-21 football team
Patrice Evra is affiliated to A.S. Monaco F.C.
Patrice Evra is affiliated to AS Monaco FC
Patrice Evra is affiliated to Paris Saint-Germain F.C.
Patrice Evra is affiliated to A.C. Monza Brianza 1912
Patrice Evra is affiliated to Manchester United F.C.
Vasyl Sachko is affiliated to FC Vorskla Poltava
Vasyl Sachko is affiliated to FC Kryvbas Kryvyi Rih
Vasyl Sachko is affiliated to FC Volyn Lutsk
Vasyl Sachko is affiliated to SC Tavriya Simferopol
Vasyl Sachko is affiliated to S.K. Tavriya Simferopol
Vasyl Sachko is affiliated to FC Hoverla Uzhhorod
Vasyl Sachko is affiliated to FC Metalist Kharkiv
Vasyl Sachko is affiliated to FC Arsenal Kyiv
Vasyl Sachko is affiliated to FC Zorya Luhansk
Vasyl Sachko is affiliated to FC Metalurh Zaporizhya
Gheorghe Popescu plays for Romania national football team
Gheorghe Popescu plays for FC Universitatea Craiova
Gheorghe Popescu plays for Galatasaray S.K. (football)
Gheorghe Popescu plays for F.C. Steaua Bucureşti
Gheorghe Popescu plays for FC Steaua București
Gheorghe Popescu plays for FC Dinamo București
Gheorghe Popescu plays for Galatasaray S.K.
Gheorghe Popescu plays for PSV Eindhoven
Gheorghe Popescu plays for FC Barcelona
Gheorghe Popescu plays for Tottenham Hotspur F.C.
Makadji Boukar plays for Sahel FC
Makadji Boukar plays for Coton Sport FC de Garoua
Makadji Boukar plays for Al-Quwa Al-Jawiya
Makadji Boukar plays for Felda United F.C.
Makadji Boukar plays for Nyíregyháza Spartacus FC
Makadji Boukar plays for Cameroon national football team
Makadji Boukar plays for Vasas SC
Makadji Boukar plays for Union Douala
Makadji Boukar plays for Canon Yaoundé
Makadji Boukar plays for Debreceni VSC
Jeff Agoos is affiliated to Maryland Bays
Jeff Agoos is affiliated to Los Angeles Salsa
Jeff Agoos is affiliated to D.C. United
Jeff Agoos is affiliated to San Jose Earthquakes
Jeff Agoos is affiliated to United States men's national soccer team
Jeff Agoos is affiliated to Dallas Sidekicks (1984–2004)
Jeff Agoos is affiliated to New York Red Bulls
Jeff Agoos is affiliated to United States national futsal team
Jeff Agoos is affiliated to SV Wehen Wiesbaden
Jeff Agoos is affiliated to University of Virginia
Sofiane Melliti plays for Espérance de Tunis
Sofiane Melliti plays for CS Hammam-Lif
Sofiane Melliti plays for Olympique Béja
Sofiane Melliti plays for Gaziantepspor
Sofiane Melliti plays for Tunisia national football team
Sofiane Melliti plays for FC Vorskla Poltava
Sofiane Melliti plays for Étoile du Sahel
Sofiane Melliti plays for fr/Club sportif de Hammam Lif (football)
Sofiane Melliti plays for CA Bizertin
Sofiane Melliti plays for Club Africain
Yury Sevidov has gender male
Yury Sevidov has gender female
Yury Sevidov has gender César Award
Yury Sevidov has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Yury Sevidov has gender Hong Kong
Yury Sevidov has gender wordnet electronics 106099269
Yury Sevidov has gender Republican Party (United States)
Yury Sevidov has gender English language
Yury Sevidov has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Yury Sevidov has gender London
Žarko Serafimovski has gender male
Žarko Serafimovski has gender female
Žarko Serafimovski has gender London Heathrow Terminal 5
Žarko Serafimovski has gender United Kingdom
Žarko Serafimovski has gender César Award
Žarko Serafimovski has gender London Heathrow Terminal 3
Žarko Serafimovski has gender Germany
Žarko Serafimovski has gender Bellingham International Airport
Žarko Serafimovski has gender Golden Globe Award
Žarko Serafimovski has gender Tomsk
Martin Lane is affiliated to Shepshed Dynamo F.C.
Martin Lane is affiliated to Worcester City F.C.
Martin Lane is affiliated to Wrexham F.C.
Martin Lane is affiliated to Chester City F.C.
Martin Lane is affiliated to Coventry City F.C.
Martin Lane is affiliated to Manchester United F.C.
Martin Lane is affiliated to Walsall F.C.
Martin Lane is affiliated to Hinckley United F.C.
Martin Lane is affiliated to Tamworth F.C.
Martin Lane is affiliated to Aston Villa F.C.
Archie Goodall plays for Glossop North End A.F.C.
Archie Goodall plays for Ireland national football team (1882–1950)
Archie Goodall plays for Everton F.C.
Archie Goodall plays for Derby County F.C.
Archie Goodall plays for Preston North End F.C.
Archie Goodall plays for Aston Villa F.C.
Archie Goodall plays for Plymouth Argyle F.C.
Archie Goodall plays for Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C.
Archie Goodall plays for Manchester United F.C.
Archie Goodall plays for England national football team
Christian Traoré is affiliated to HB Køge
Christian Traoré is affiliated to Randers FC
Christian Traoré is affiliated to Lyngby Boldklub
Christian Traoré is affiliated to Hammarby IF
Christian Traoré is affiliated to Hønefoss BK
Christian Traoré is affiliated to FC Midtjylland
Christian Traoré is affiliated to F.C. Copenhagen
Christian Traoré is affiliated to Herfølge Boldklub
Christian Traoré is affiliated to FC Nordsjælland
Christian Traoré is affiliated to Denmark national under-21 football team
Zlaté Moravce District is located in Nitra Region
Zlaté Moravce District is located in Zlaté Moravce District
Zlaté Moravce District is located in Nitra
Zlaté Moravce District is located in Europe
Zlaté Moravce District is located in Slovakia
Zlaté Moravce District is located in Nitra District
Zlaté Moravce District is located in Zlaté Moravce
Zlaté Moravce District is located in United States
Zlaté Moravce District is located in Czech Republic
Zlaté Moravce District is located in Prešov Region
Alex Keddie plays for Stranraer F.C.
Alex Keddie plays for Arbroath F.C.
Alex Keddie plays for Ross County F.C.
Alex Keddie plays for St. Johnstone F.C.
Alex Keddie plays for Dunfermline Athletic F.C.
Alex Keddie plays for Leeds United A.F.C.
Alex Keddie plays for Partick Thistle F.C.
Alex Keddie plays for Dundee United F.C.
Alex Keddie plays for Dundee F.C.
Alex Keddie plays for Aberdeen F.C.
Eugene Galeković plays for Australia national association football team
Eugene Galeković plays for Gippsland Falcons
Eugene Galeković plays for Australia national under-23 association football team
Eugene Galeković plays for Melbourne Knights FC
Eugene Galeković plays for South Melbourne FC
Eugene Galeković plays for S.C. Beira-Mar
Eugene Galeković plays for Adelaide United FC
Eugene Galeković plays for Australia national football team
Eugene Galeković plays for F.C. Marco
Eugene Galeković plays for Melbourne Victory F.C.
Hakkı Hocaoğlu is affiliated to Giresunspor
Hakkı Hocaoğlu is affiliated to Adanaspor
Hakkı Hocaoğlu is affiliated to Kocaelispor
Hakkı Hocaoğlu is affiliated to Kayseri Erciyesspor
Hakkı Hocaoğlu is affiliated to Samsunspor
Hakkı Hocaoğlu is affiliated to Sivasspor
Hakkı Hocaoğlu is affiliated to İskenderun Demir Çelikspor
Hakkı Hocaoğlu is affiliated to Çaykur Rizespor
Hakkı Hocaoğlu is affiliated to Boluspor
Hakkı Hocaoğlu is affiliated to Gençlerbirliği S.K.
Emilio Reuben plays for Club Atlético Vélez Sarsfield
Emilio Reuben plays for Club Atlético Independiente
Emilio Reuben plays for Racing Club de Montevideo
Emilio Reuben plays for Club Atlético Lanús
Emilio Reuben plays for Deportivo Cali
Emilio Reuben plays for Clube de Regatas do Flamengo
Emilio Reuben plays for C.A. Lanús
Emilio Reuben plays for C.A. Independiente
Emilio Reuben plays for Argentina national football team
Emilio Reuben plays for Club Nacional de Football
Filip Despotovski is affiliated to FK Cementarnica 55
Filip Despotovski is affiliated to FK Vardar
Filip Despotovski is affiliated to FK Rabotnički
Filip Despotovski is affiliated to FK Teteks
Filip Despotovski is affiliated to Macedonia national football team
Filip Despotovski is affiliated to FK Napredok
Filip Despotovski is affiliated to FK Mačva Šabac
Filip Despotovski is affiliated to FK Bežanija
Filip Despotovski is affiliated to Pierikos F.C.
Filip Despotovski is affiliated to Inter Baku PIK
Isabella of Castile has child Isabella of Castile
Isabella of Castile has child Germaine of Foix
Isabella of Castile has child Catherine of Aragon
"Isabella of Castile has child Maria of Aragon, Queen of Portugal"
Isabella of Castile has child Joanna of Castile
Isabella of Castile has child Ferdinand II of Aragon
Isabella of Castile has child Isabella of Portugal
Isabella of Castile has child Anne of Brittany
Isabella of Castile has child Philip I of Castile
Isabella of Castile has child Manuel I of Portugal
Ivica Momčilović has gender male
Ivica Momčilović has gender female
Ivica Momčilović has gender United Kingdom
Ivica Momčilović has gender Labour Party (UK)
Ivica Momčilović has gender Tancredo Neves International Airport
Ivica Momčilović has gender Tomsk
Ivica Momčilović has gender Azerbaijan
Ivica Momčilović has gender Republican Party (United States)
Ivica Momčilović has gender Germany
Ivica Momčilović has gender wordnet chemical 114806838
Michel Leblond is affiliated to Stade de Reims
Michel Leblond is affiliated to R.C. Strasbourg
Michel Leblond is affiliated to RC Strasbourg
Michel Leblond is affiliated to France national football team
Michel Leblond is affiliated to France national under-21 football team
Michel Leblond is affiliated to Olympique de Marseille
Michel Leblond is affiliated to Paris Saint-Germain F.C.
Michel Leblond is affiliated to Racing Club de France football Colombes 92
Michel Leblond is affiliated to Olympique Lyonnais
Michel Leblond is affiliated to Red Star F.C.
Jackie Copland plays for Beith Juniors F.C.
Jackie Copland plays for Stranraer F.C.
Jackie Copland plays for St. Mirren F.C.
Jackie Copland plays for Scottish Football League XI
Jackie Copland plays for Dundee United F.C.
Jackie Copland plays for Scotland national football team
Jackie Copland plays for Partick Thistle F.C.
Jackie Copland plays for Clyde F.C.
Jackie Copland plays for Celtic F.C.
Jackie Copland plays for Dundee F.C.
Ramón Calderé plays for UE Sant Andreu
Ramón Calderé plays for RSD Alcalá
Ramón Calderé plays for Spain national football team
Ramón Calderé plays for FC Barcelona
Ramón Calderé plays for Real Betis
Ramón Calderé plays for Real Valladolid
Ramón Calderé plays for Spain national under-21 football team
Ramón Calderé plays for FC Barcelona B
Ramón Calderé plays for Burgos CF
Ramón Calderé plays for Real Valladolid C.F.
Ihor Korotetskiy is affiliated to FC Shakhtar-2 Donetsk
Ihor Korotetskiy is affiliated to FC Illichivets Mariupol
Ihor Korotetskiy is affiliated to FC Kryvbas Kryvyi Rih
Ihor Korotetskiy is affiliated to FC Metalurh Zaporizhya
Ihor Korotetskiy is affiliated to FC Zorya Luhansk
Ihor Korotetskiy is affiliated to FC Metalurh Donetsk
Ihor Korotetskiy is affiliated to FC Shakhtar Donetsk
Ihor Korotetskiy is affiliated to F.C. Shakhtar Donetsk
Ihor Korotetskiy is affiliated to FC Metalurh-2 Donetsk
Ihor Korotetskiy is affiliated to Ukraine national football team
Carlo Cudicini was born in Milan
Carlo Cudicini was born in Rome
Carlo Cudicini was born in London
Carlo Cudicini was born in Genoa
Carlo Cudicini was born in Como
Carlo Cudicini was born in Brescia
Carlo Cudicini was born in Florence
Carlo Cudicini was born in Turin
Carlo Cudicini was born in Monza
Carlo Cudicini was born in Naples
Saša Radivojević plays for FK Čukarički
Saša Radivojević plays for Pegah F.C.
Saša Radivojević plays for Pelita Bandung Raya
Saša Radivojević plays for FK Borac Čačak
Saša Radivojević plays for Apollon 1926 F.C.
Saša Radivojević plays for Red Star Belgrade
Saša Radivojević plays for FK Partizan
Saša Radivojević plays for FK Zeta
Saša Radivojević plays for FK Radnički Beograd
Saša Radivojević plays for Serbia national under-21 football team
Schwechat is located in Wien-Umgebung District
Schwechat is located in Austria
Schwechat is located in Schwechat
Schwechat is located in Europe
Schwechat is located in Lower Austria
Schwechat is located in Styria
Schwechat is located in Germany
Schwechat is located in United States
Schwechat is located in Lists of World Heritage Sites in Europe
Schwechat is located in Slovakia
