Dudu Georgescu is affiliated to Sporting Câmpulung
Miltos Gougoulakis was born in Lagos
Carlos Adrián Valdez plays for A.C.D. Treviso 2013
Issam El Adoua has gender male
Martin Laurinc is affiliated to MFK Ružomberok
Brian Pilkington (footballer) is affiliated to Barrow A.F.C.
Paulin Dhëmbi is affiliated to Albania national football team
Nicolas Platter is affiliated to Carolina RailHawks
Rashad Sadygov plays for Turan-T IK
Mare Winningham has gender female
Maria Vittoria dal Pozzo is married to Amadeo I of Spain
Dave Gwyther was born in Swansea
Endre Bajúsz has gender female
Kang Min-soo is affiliated to Sangju Sangmu FC
Rainer Werner Fassbinder created Veronika Voss
"South Orange, New Jersey is located in Essex County, New Jersey"
Nuno Carvalho is affiliated to UD Ibiza-Eivissa
Michael Modubi plays for Ria Stars F.C.
Rade Paprica is affiliated to FK Željezničar Sarajevo
Milad Salem was born in Kabul
Herby Fortunat is affiliated to Congo national football team
Steve Hetzke plays for Vancouver Whitecaps (1974–84)
Jonathan Holland is affiliated to Ħamrun Spartans F.C.
Happy Feet is located in Australia
Di Jones plays for Wales national football team
Ernest Everett Just lives in United States
Ebrahim Loveinian is affiliated to F.C. Aboomoslem
George Molyneux is affiliated to Everton F.C.
Nathaniel Kerr is affiliated to Rotherham United F.C.
Alier Ashurmamadov is affiliated to CSKA Pomir Dushanbe
Tim Hanley plays for San Jose Earthquakes (1974–88)
Roman Polanski is married to Emmanuelle Seigner
Rocco Quinn is affiliated to Scotland national under-21 football team
Daniel Martín plays for Real Betis
László Sólyom is affiliated to Hungarian Democratic Forum
Fredson Câmara Pereira plays for Goiás Esporte Clube
Sven Nieuwpoort is affiliated to A.F.C. Ajax
Anurak Srikerd is affiliated to BEC Tero Sasana F.C.
Waldemir Marques de Brito plays for Hunan Billows F.C.
Vidya Balan has won prize Zee Cine Awards
Wojtek Zarzycki plays for St. Catharines Wolves
Mark Proctor (footballer) has gender male
Ramon Carnicer died in Paris
Vratislav Greško has gender female
Emily Blunt has gender male
Brian Tyler (composer) has musical role wordnet guitar 103467517
Mayola Biboko is affiliated to R.C.S. Verviétois
Mamadou Niang plays for RC Strasbourg
Bobby Smith (soccer) is affiliated to Rider University
Ioan Andone plays for FC Dinamo București
Emil Gargorov plays for PFC Ludogorets Razgrad
Farashband County is located in Iran
Edgar Gess plays for CSKA Pomir Dushanbe
Iván Trujillo plays for Llaneros F.C.
Eric Kandel was born in New York City
Scott Benedetti is affiliated to Portland Timbers (1985–90)
Donald Cock is affiliated to Fulham F.C.
Walter Abbott plays for Birmingham City F.C.
Daughter of Don Q is located in United Kingdom
Karel Schwarzenberg is politician of Austria
Andy Webster plays for Coventry City F.C.
Steve Simonsen is affiliated to Everton F.C.
Gaetano Fontana is affiliated to S.S. Juve Stabia
Ronnie Jepson plays for Bury F.C.
The Human League has gender female
"Vilson Džoni was born in Split, Croatia"
Johnny Jaap plays for Philadelphia Field Club
Ángel Jara Saguier is affiliated to Toulouse FC (1937)
Jérémy Huyghebaert plays for Belgium national under-19 football team
Claudio García is affiliated to Club Atlético Vélez Sarsfield
Piotr Trochowski plays for FC Bayern Munich
Luka Peruzović plays for Yugoslavia national football team
Michael Moore (footballer) plays for St. Johnstone F.C.
Patrik Berger is affiliated to Borussia Dortmund
Jorge Sampaio was born in Paris
Kehinde Fatai is affiliated to Nigeria national under-20 football team
Ivan V of Russia has gender male
Marin Petrov plays for PFC Spartak Varna
Paavo Lipponen has gender male
Jassim Swadi is affiliated to Macclesfield Town F.C.
Evers Burns has gender male
Jacky Peeters is affiliated to K. Beringen-Heusden-Zolder
Infanta Catherine Michelle of Spain died in Madrid
Chris Okoh (footballer) plays for Birkirkara F.C.
Ken O'Doherty is affiliated to University College Dublin A.F.C.
Dietrich Albrecht plays for Philadelphia Spartans
Evan Bayh is politician of United States
Ivo den Bieman is affiliated to Falkirk F.C.
Mitar Peković is affiliated to FK Bačka Topola
David Sauget is affiliated to S.C. Bastia
Adrian Scarlatache is affiliated to FC Dinamo București
Rangsan Viwatchaichok was born in Nakhon Pathom
Yuzo Funakoshi plays for SC Sagamihara
Ramon Muller plays for Stade Briochin
Katlego Mashego is affiliated to South Africa national football team
Zhang Yonghai plays for Guangdong Sunray Cave F.C.
Bruno Quadros plays for Associação Desportiva São Caetano
Martyn Rogers (footballer born 1955) is affiliated to Weymouth F.C.
Adam Ledwoń is affiliated to GKS Katowice
Ryan Finley (soccer) has gender male
Naz Aydemir plays for Vakıfbank Spor Kulübü
Luciano Almeida is affiliated to Criciúma Esporte Clube
William Dickson (footballer born 1866) plays for Bolton Wanderers F.C.
Allan Gilliver is affiliated to Baltimore Comets
Richard Hawley has musical role wordnet piano 103928116
Aleh Konanaw plays for FC Torpedo Minsk
Juiz de Fora is located in Minas Gerais
Alberto Saavedra is affiliated to Marino de Luanco
Ákos Takács plays for Ferencvárosi TC
Oumar Kalabane plays for AJ Auxerre
Eric Haakonsson has gender male
Thomas Harban is affiliated to F.C. Halifax Town
Jorge Valdano is affiliated to Real Zaragoza
Chris Mitchell (footballer born 1988) is affiliated to Falkirk F.C.
Nikolas Asprogenis is affiliated to Cyprus national under-21 football team
Segundo Castillo Varela plays for Sport Boys
Héctor Miguel Herrera plays for Mexico national under-23 football team
Eoin Doyle plays for Sligo Rovers F.C.
A. E. W. Mason created The Drum (1938 film)
Tony Franken has gender male
Roy John plays for Manchester United F.C.
Chris Casper plays for Manchester United F.C.
James Taylor has musical role wordnet guitar 103467517
Marco Gori plays for U.C. AlbinoLeffe
Senica is located in Senica District
Emil Lyng is affiliated to Kolding IF
Travis Dodd plays for Parramatta Power SC
Allan Oviedo is affiliated to Unión de Curtidores
Soviet war in Afghanistan happened in Afghanistan
Yuri Ozerov (director) was born in Moscow
Stefan Schmidt plays for Brønshøj BK
Erik Hoftun plays for Molde FK
Joe Fagan plays for Nelson F.C.
Ray Ferris plays for Birmingham City F.C.
Ingvild Stensland plays for Norway women's national football team
Borat Sagdiyev plays for Boa Esporte Clube
Richard Sharpe (soccer) is affiliated to Carolina Dynamo
Dorothy Lewis Bernstein has gender female
Battle of Sunda Strait happened in Sunda Strait
Park Choong-kyun plays for Seongnam FC
Mike Metcalf plays for Gap Connah's Quay F.C.
Gabriel Cedrés is affiliated to Montevideo Wanderers F.C.
Roman Eremenko plays for Finland national under-21 football team
Mervyn Day is affiliated to Aston Villa F.C.
Diego Armando Basto is affiliated to Llaneros F.C.
Kyrylo Kovalchuk has gender female
John Hawley (footballer) plays for St. Louis Stars (soccer)
Apostol Popov is affiliated to FC Spartak Plovdiv
Thomas Sunesson has gender female
Taras Lutsenko is affiliated to PFC Nyva Vinnytsia
Elsa Zylberstein has won prize Grammy Award
Pierre Bernard (footballer) is affiliated to Nîmes Olympique
Roei Dayan is affiliated to Hapoel Tel Aviv F.C.
Battle of Eckmühl happened in First French Empire
Guido Carboni has gender female
"Manassas, Virginia is located in United States"
Sławomir Wojciechowski was born in Katowice
Ibrahim Babatunde is affiliated to A.S.G. Nocerina
"Hooksett, New Hampshire is located in New Hampshire"
Ljupčo Kmetovski has gender male
Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel died in Paris
André Almeida is affiliated to Portugal national under-20 football team
Where the Wild Things Are (film) is located in United Kingdom
Guayaquil is located in Ecuador
Tote (footballer) is affiliated to Real Madrid C
Brian Laws plays for Darlington F.C.
Bruce Stowell is affiliated to Bradford City A.F.C.
Zekirija Ramadan has gender female
Russell Latapy is affiliated to United Petrotrin F.C.
Éric Matoukou is affiliated to K.R.C. Genk
Floyd Streete plays for SC Cambuur
Dennis DeYoung has gender male
Brad Maloney has gender female
Jim Branagan plays for Chorley F.C.
"Bedford County, Pennsylvania is located in Bedford, Pennsylvania"
Lee Phillips (footballer born 1979) plays for Carmarthen Town A.F.C.
Marco Minghetti is politician of Italy
Miguel Comminges is affiliated to Guadeloupe national football team
Diego Biseswar plays for Netherlands national under-21 football team
Jay Smith (footballer born September 1981) plays for Tamworth F.C.
Torsten Ziegner has gender male
Paul O'Grady (footballer) is affiliated to Parramatta FC
Scott Laird is affiliated to Scotland national under-17 football team
Graham Coldrick plays for Wales national under-21 football team
Eduardo De Filippo has gender female
Brendan Ormsby is affiliated to Doncaster Rovers F.C.
"Missoula, Montana is located in Missoula County, Montana"
Arthur Lever (footballer) has gender female
"Earl Wilbur Sutherland, Jr. has won prize Dickson Prize"
Mick Meagan is affiliated to Bray Wanderers A.F.C.
Nwankwo Kanu plays for Heartland F.C.
Patrick Blondeau plays for AS Monaco FC
George Wood (footballer) has gender male
Davide Astori is affiliated to A.C. Milan
Andrew V. McLaglen directed The Rare Breed
Dave McEwen is affiliated to Dulwich Hamlet F.C.
Carlos Humberto da Silva Ferreira is affiliated to G.D. Ribeirão
Johan Derksen plays for SC Veendam
Maximiliano Arias plays for Rampla Juniors
Sandro da Silva Mendonça is affiliated to Hacettepe S.K.
George Carlin has won prize Grammy Award
Bobby Robinson (footballer) plays for Dundee United F.C.
Abass Lawal is affiliated to Sunshine Stars F.C.
Viet Cong participated in Cambodian Civil War
Julio César de Andrade Moura is affiliated to Vitória Futebol Clube (ES)
Bernard Genghini plays for FC Girondins de Bordeaux
João Paulo Bersch was born in São Paulo
Ángel Fernández is affiliated to Barcelona Sporting Club
Hendrik Herzog plays for SpVgg Unterhaching
Matt Phillips is affiliated to Sheffield United F.C.
Flávio Augusto do Nascimento is affiliated to Associação Desportiva Cabense
Steffen Wohlfarth plays for VfB Friedrichshafen
Gary Tallon plays for Kilmarnock F.C.
Eric Avery has gender female
Agne Simonsson has gender male
Mariano Martín is affiliated to Catalonia national football team
Rasmus Bengtsson was born in Gothenburg
Charis Yulianto is affiliated to Persebaya Surabaya
Magadan is located in Far Eastern economic region
Andrés D'Alessandro is affiliated to Argentina national football team
Ümit Ergirdi has gender male
Anderson Silva de França is affiliated to Montevideo Wanderers F.C.
Patrick Müller was born in Lyon
Kenta Hasegawa plays for Shimizu Higashi High School
Amer Shafi plays for Jordan national football team
"Yonkers, New York is located in New York metropolitan area"
Dulce of Aragon has child Berengaria of Portugal
Vardan Mazalov is affiliated to FC Anzhi Makhachkala
Ákos Takács plays for Vejle Boldklub
Ivan Knezović plays for FK Sloboda Tuzla
Yiannis Papadopoulos is affiliated to Greece national under-21 football team
Esad Razić is affiliated to AEK Larnaca F.C.
Danny Reet is affiliated to Buxton F.C.
Yaghoub Karimi plays for Iran national under-20 football team
Rasmus Lindgren plays for FC Red Bull Salzburg
Infanta Catherine Michelle of Spain died in Turin
Andy Nägelein plays for 1. FC Schweinfurt 05
Richard M. Sherman created The Magic of Lassie
Kristian Sprećaković plays for Würzburger Kickers
Vilmos Vanczák plays for FC Sion
Pero Pejić plays for KF Skënderbeu Korçë
Niklas Backman is affiliated to Dalian Aerbin F.C.
Gaizka Garitano is affiliated to CD Ourense
Leoš Janáček Airport Ostrava is connected to Rhodes International Airport
Thomas Vogel (footballer born 1967) plays for SV Henstedt-Ulzburg
Ludwig Mond graduated from Heidelberg University
Maodomalick Faye plays for AS Saint-Étienne
Daniel Andersson (footballer born 1977) plays for A.C. Chievo Verona
Ptolemy X Alexander I has child Ptolemy X Alexander I
Shizuoka Prefecture is located in Tōkai region
Valentin Nefyodov plays for FC Naftovyk-Ukrnafta Okhtyrka
Djalma Campos plays for C.S. Marítimo
James Lawrie has gender male
"Rafael Pereira da Silva (footballer, born 1990) was born in Petrópolis"
Dave Bamber plays for Portsmouth F.C.
Thomas Schlieter is affiliated to VfB Homberg
Tommy Svindal Larsen is affiliated to Odds BK
Pat Clarke plays for Berwick Rangers F.C.
Manuel Amoros is affiliated to AS Monaco FC
Vladislav Zvara is affiliated to 1. FC Tatran Prešov
Abdulla Baba Fatadi is affiliated to Al-Ahli Club (Manama)
Gianluca Berti was born in Rome
Bernard Bolzano influences Gottlob Frege
Jason Brissett is affiliated to Cheltenham Town F.C.
Metropolitan Borough of Wigan is located in Lancashire
Finn Laudrup is affiliated to Kjøbenhavns Boldklub
Lee Jones (footballer born 1970) plays for Bristol Rovers F.C.
"Inkster, Michigan is located in United States"
Gil Cain plays for Israel national under-18 football team
Giuseppe Aquaro is affiliated to A.C. Chievo Verona
Youssef Sofiane is affiliated to R.F.C. Tournai
The Three Musketeers (1993 film) is located in Australia
Dean Brill is affiliated to Inverness Caledonian Thistle F.C.
André de Toth has gender female
John Queeley is affiliated to Deportes Iquique
Alan Navarro plays for Accrington Stanley F.C.
Zoran Mijanović plays for FC Bihor Oradea
Eduardo Bustos Montoya plays for Rosario Central
Bronisław Malinowski has gender male
Sandro Continenza has gender male
Reynaldo Tilguath plays for Honduras national football team
Yevgeni Kuznetsov (footballer born 1983) plays for FC Shinnik Yaroslavl
Vladimír Kukoľ is affiliated to Sandecja Nowy Sącz
Vadym Sapay plays for FC Borysfen Boryspil
Jack Klugman has won prize Golden Globe Award
Ryszard Jankowski is affiliated to Górnik Konin
Mark Babic is affiliated to Marconi Stallions FC
Adam Balding is affiliated to Newcastle Falcons
Clayton Fortune plays for Bristol City F.C.
Paulo Sérgio Moreira Gonçalves is affiliated to Portugal national under-20 football team
Alfred Fyodorov plays for FC Krylia Sovetov Samara
Ricardo González (footballer) plays for Club Sport Uruguay de Coronado
Abdulla Baba Fatadi is affiliated to Al Ittihad Kalba
Leung Tsz Chun plays for Mutual FC
Yuri Shukanov is affiliated to FC Dinamo-93 Minsk
Akmal Rizal Ahmad Rakhli is affiliated to FCSR Haguenau
Julien Laharrague plays for US Dax
Johan Arneng is affiliated to Djurgårdens IF Fotboll
Marcin Robak has gender female
Mariano Bogliacino is affiliated to Plaza Colonia
Blanche I of Navarre has gender male
Steven McGarry has gender female
Eric Avery has musical role wordnet synthesist 110687231
William Daniels has gender male
Ljubomir Fejsa has gender female
Iago Iglesias is affiliated to Deportivo de La Coruña B
Vasileios Symtsak has gender male
Vyacheslav Semyonov was born in Dnipropetrovsk
Alex Toth influences Steve Lieber
Vyacheslav Danilin plays for FC Zenit Penza
Gmina Kleszczów is located in Łódź Voivodeship
Ted Burgin plays for Leeds United A.F.C.
Ustrzyki Dolne is located in Podkarpackie Voivodeship
Massimo Cannizzaro plays for TuS Koblenz
Mamadou Bagayoko (Ivorian footballer) plays for Africa Sports d'Abidjan
Bobby Williamson plays for Rangers F.C.
Michael Schmidt (footballer) is affiliated to Hamburger SV
Jhon Valencia is affiliated to La Equidad
Danny da Costa plays for Germany national youth football team
Sebastián Losada is affiliated to Spain national under-19 football team
Stefan Ilsanker (footballer) is affiliated to SV Mattersburg
Lars Ahlfors graduated from Harvard University
David Fury has gender male
Paul Stancliffe plays for Sheffield United F.C.
Daragh O'Malley acted in Sharpe's Waterloo (TV programme)
"Sasayama, Hyōgo is located in Hyōgo Prefecture"
Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel died in Berlin
Nicolas Raynier plays for Amiens SC
Srđan Urošević is affiliated to FK Slavija
"Springfield (Missouri) is located in Greene County, Missouri"
Mamadou Danso plays for Gambia national football team
Peter Corr has gender male
Sayed Mohamed Adnan is affiliated to Hidd SCC
Ilias Kyriakidis plays for Greece national under-21 football team
George Pastor is affiliated to Milwaukee Wave
Alberto Savino plays for S.S. Scafatese Calcio 1922
Marcin Jałocha plays for Hutnik Nowa Huta
Ron Jeremy acted in Not the Bradys XXX
Aleksey Skvernyuk is affiliated to FC Zvezda-BGU Minsk
Graz-Umgebung District is located in Austria
Rafael Godoi Pereira is affiliated to FK Laktaši
Marcus Bean is affiliated to Jamaica national football team
Gabriel Peñalba is affiliated to FC Lorient
Vidak Bratić plays for FK Spartak Zlatibor Voda
Thelma Schoonmaker edited New York Stories
Vladimír Mečiar has child Mikuláš Dzurinda
Otto Harder plays for Eintracht Braunschweig
Leonardo Sciammarella Neto is affiliated to Bonsucesso Futebol Clube
Cornell Glen is affiliated to North East Stars F.C.
"Akishima, Tokyo is located in Kantō region"
Călin Moldovan is affiliated to FC Rapid București
"Holderness, New Hampshire is located in Grafton County, New Hampshire"
Felipe Seymour plays for Spezia Calcio
Ricardo Aparecido Tavares is affiliated to Sociedade Esportiva Itapirense
Charlie Mitten plays for Mansfield Town F.C.
"José Burciaga, Jr. is affiliated to Portland Timbers (2001–10)"
Motohiro Yamaguchi is affiliated to Tokai University
Dave Creighton has gender male
Alexandru Chipciu plays for FC Brașov
Dane Richards is affiliated to Montego Bay United F.C.
Geoff Salmons plays for Leicester City F.C.
Diego Dorta plays for Peñarol
Carolyn Bennett graduated from University of Toronto
Lennart Skoglund is affiliated to Hammarby Fotboll
Jacques-Désiré Périatambée plays for Le Mans FC
Choi Sung-kuk is affiliated to South Korea national under-23 football team
Adrian Falub plays for ACF Gloria Bistrița
Boris Batanov has gender female
Saffet Sancaklı is affiliated to Vefa S.K.
Alfredo Mejía plays for Udinese Calcio
Duke Ellington has won prize Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award
Charlene Choi has musical role wordnet piano 103928116
Oliver Platt has gender female
"Sucre, Venezuela is located in Venezuela"
Lucian Ilie plays for SC Veendam
George Pastor is affiliated to San Jose Oaks
Jack Gregory (footballer) plays for Ashford United F.C.
Gary Fleming plays for Notts County F.C.
Eric Kandel was born in Vienna
R. K. Narayan died in New York City
Chris Anderson (footballer) is affiliated to Arbroath F.C.
János Hrutka has gender female
Aldo Junior Simoncini is affiliated to San Marino Calcio
Dougie Freedman is affiliated to Crystal Palace F.C.
Shaun Maloney plays for Celtic F.C.
Alan Knight (footballer) is affiliated to Dorchester Town F.C.
Miguel Ángel Angulo is affiliated to Spain national under-21 football team
Nick Farquharson is affiliated to Northwich Victoria F.C.
Diarmuid O'Carroll is affiliated to Cliftonville F.C.
Serhiy Matyukhin plays for FC Arsenal Kyiv
Spencer Verbiest plays for Royal Antwerp F.C.
Piotr Skrobowski plays for Hammarby IF
E. L. Doctorow has won prize National Book Award
Francisco Castro (Portuguese footballer) is affiliated to Moreirense F.C.
Kuki (footballer) is affiliated to Esporte Clube Internacional (SC)
Cafercan Aksu has gender male
Hugo Lloris is affiliated to France national under-19 football team
Pablo Quatrocchi is affiliated to Estudiantes de La Plata
James M. Buchanan has gender female
Alana Stewart is married to Rod Stewart
Nir Biton plays for F.C. Ashdod
"Archibald Primrose, 5th Earl of Rosebery was born in London"
Boy Deul plays for SC Veendam
Charlie Christie was born in Inverness
Alessandro Nunes is affiliated to Cruzeiro Esporte Clube
Marcelo Santos Oliveira plays for Camaçari Futebol Clube
Frank Hartmann (footballer born August 1960) plays for VfL Osnabrück
Philip Slone plays for Brookhattan
Garnik Avalyan plays for FC Ryazan
Jamie Cureton was born in Bristol
Ignacio Scocco has gender female
Ágnes Farkas plays for RK Podravka Koprivnica
Rocco Sabato has gender male
Province of Oristano is located in Sardinia
Christos Germanos plays for AEP Paphos F.C.
"Joel Camargo was born in Santos, São Paulo"
Diego Armando Basto is affiliated to Fortaleza F.C.
Bruno Fernandes (footballer born 1974) has gender female
Alessandro Noselli has gender male
Greg Paterson plays for East Fife F.C.
Marco Adaggio plays for Rushall Olympic F.C.
Stephen Jordan plays for Dunfermline Athletic F.C.
Garðar Gunnlaugsson has gender male
Mario Boyé is affiliated to Argentina national football team
Kelvin Lomax plays for Hyde F.C.
John Harsanyi is citizen of United States
Dudu Georgescu is affiliated to AS Flacăra Moreni
de/Sveta Ana is located in Podravska Statistical Region
Lee Wilkie is affiliated to Scotland national football B team
Christiaan Pförtner plays for TSV Havelse
Levan Maghradze plays for FC Margveti Zestafoni
Tržič is located in Gorenjska Statistical Region
Lennart Ljung lives in United States
Douglas Costa is affiliated to FC Shakhtar Donetsk
Tab Ramos plays for Real Betis
Branco (footballer) plays for Clube de Regatas do Flamengo
Paul Watson (footballer born 1975) is affiliated to Bognor Regis Town F.C.
Christophe Le Roux plays for Stade Rennais F.C.
Graham Hyde plays for Fleet Town F.C.
David Mazzoncini has gender male
Markus Happe is affiliated to SC Preußen Münster
Virtuality (TV pilot) is located in United States
Iago Iglesias is affiliated to Valencia CF Mestalla
Yuri Ozerov (director) was born in Saint Petersburg
Danny Crow plays for Newport County A.F.C.
Nicky Walker has gender male
Gino Pivatelli is affiliated to Italy national football team
Margarito González plays for Dorados de Sinaloa
Leonardo Isaula plays for C.D. Motagua
Takayuki Suzuki plays for Mito HollyHock
Ahmad Fauzi Saari has gender male
Tem Hansen plays for Brøndby IF
Constant Joacim plays for K. Berchem Sport
Ekundayo Jayeoba is affiliated to PFC Marek Dupnitsa
Dušan Đokić is affiliated to FK Dinamo Pančevo
Clackmannanshire is located in Scotland
Mike Petersen plays for Heidelberg United FC
Thomas Griffiths (footballer born 1906) is affiliated to Wrexham F.C.
Reda Al Tawrghe is affiliated to Al-Ahli SC (Tripoli)
Richard Buhagiar plays for Sliema Wanderers F.C.
Oscar Roberto Cornejo plays for Wellington Phoenix FC
Craig Patrick is affiliated to St. Louis Blues
Giandomenico Mesto is affiliated to U.S. Cremonese
Ray Ferris plays for Northern Ireland national football team
Romeo Castelen is affiliated to A.V.V. De Volewijckers
Ariza Makukula has gender female
Jairon Zamora plays for Rocafuerte Fútbol Club
Kemal Bourhani was born in Paris
Ken (musician) has musical role wordnet keyboard 103614007
Ivica Francišković plays for FK Spartak Zlatibor Voda
Christos Harissis has gender female
Mami Kawada has gender male
Ivan Jolić is affiliated to Anagennisi Dherynia
Abel Braga is affiliated to Fluminense FC
Matt Green (footballer) plays for Mansfield Town F.C.
Jason Dunn (soccer) plays for Washington Huskies men's soccer
Harry Arter plays for Welling United F.C.
Ásgeir Sigurvinsson plays for Íþróttabandalag Vestmannaeyja
John Davidson (actor) was born in New York City
Lars Ivar Moldskred plays for Knattspyrnufélag Reykjavíkur
Nelson Acosta plays for Peñarol
Darren Young (New Zealand footballer) plays for Football Kingz FC
Don Collins is affiliated to LNB Pro A
You Were Never Lovelier is located in United Kingdom
Archduke Karl Salvator of Austria died in Vienna
Olivier Thomas plays for AC Ajaccio
Dominic Maroh has gender female
Robert Eagle (footballer) is affiliated to Lowestoft Town F.C.
"Don C. Faith, Jr. has gender male"
Osvaldo Ozzán plays for Unión Tarija
Živko Živković plays for FK Teleoptik
George Forrester (footballer born 1927) is affiliated to Ashford Town F.C.
Yevgeni Korotayev plays for FC Togliatti
Ángel Fernández is affiliated to Club Deportivo El Nacional
Manitoba Moose is located in Winnipeg
Cliff Britton is affiliated to England national football team
Nguyen Viet Thang is affiliated to Vietnam national under-23 football team
Enrique Chazarreta plays for Deportivo Morón
Abdou Jammeh is affiliated to FC Tekstilshchik Ivanovo
Abdellah Kharbouchi is affiliated to Racing Club de France football Colombes 92
Milad Salem plays for Eintracht Frankfurt II
Kim Hyun-soo (born March 1973) is affiliated to South Korea national under-23 football team
Pablo Quatrocchi is affiliated to Quilmes Atlético Club
Ronnie Jepson plays for Burnley F.C.
Ennio Flaiano is citizen of Italy
Robson Alves da Silva is affiliated to Associação Desportiva Cabofriense
Eva Marie Saint has gender male
Gareth Abraham is affiliated to Rhayader Town F.C.
Brendan Ormsby is affiliated to Leeds United A.F.C.
Denys Skepskyi was born in Kiev
Princess Augusta of Great Britain plays for Northern Ireland national football team
Kent Karlsson has gender male
Pedro Power is affiliated to Slippery Rock University of Pennsylvania
David Cowling plays for Scunthorpe United F.C.
Maria Vittoria dal Pozzo is married to Maria Vittoria dal Pozzo
Roberto Cabral is affiliated to Rosario Central
Eddy Lord Dombraye plays for OFK Beograd
Stanislav Loban is affiliated to FC Chornomorets-2 Odessa
Yasser Al-Qahtani is affiliated to Saudi Arabia national football team
Daniel da Silva Soares is affiliated to CFR Cluj
Nicolás Canales is affiliated to Unión Española
Trond Fredrik Ludvigsen is affiliated to Alta IF
Toshihiro Matsushita is affiliated to Albirex Niigata
Milutin Šoškić plays for 1. FC Köln
Bekim Kuli is affiliated to KF Teuta Durrës
Silviu Bălace plays for FCM Reșița
Segundo Castillo Varela plays for Club Universitario de Deportes
Roger Corman directed The Little Shop of Horrors
Michael Freedman works at Microsoft Research
Tony Sergeant is affiliated to Cercle Brugge K.S.V.
Silvan Aegerter plays for FC Thun
Dan O'Brien (soccer) plays for Western Suburbs
Valenciennes is located in Nord-Pas-de-Calais
"Providence College is located in Providence, Rhode Island"
Vyacheslav Tikhonov died in Moscow
Christophe Meslin is affiliated to Troyes AC
Mark Birighitti is affiliated to Football West National Training Centre
Eoghan Hickey plays for Worcester Warriors
Roland Schwegler has gender male
Đorđe Tomić is affiliated to F.K. Partizan
Charles Itandje plays for RC Lens
Lassana Diarra is affiliated to France national football team
Rod Thomas is affiliated to Derby County F.C.
Mark Perry (Scottish footballer) plays for Keith F.C.
Burhanettin Kaymak plays for TSG Wörsdorf
Will.i.am has musical role wordnet bass 104986796
Igor Bugaiov plays for Moldova national football team
Robbie Herrera has gender male
Mikael Nilsson (footballer born 1978) plays for Brøndby IF
Hennie Meijer plays for SC Veendam
Tom Newey is affiliated to Cambridge United F.C.
Davoud Fanaei plays for Persepolis F.C.
Mont Blanc is located in Courmayeur
Giovanny Espinoza is affiliated to Barcelona Sporting Club
"Stawell, Victoria is located in Horsham, Victoria"
"Wilsonville, Oregon is located in Washington County, Oregon"
Marco Gómez plays for Querétaro F.C.
Josef Mazura plays for SV Stockerau
Steffen Wohlfarth plays for FC Ingolstadt 04
Jarkko Hurme plays for RoPS
Mayola Biboko is affiliated to R.F.C. Seraing
Bobby Jones (footballer) is affiliated to Minehead A.F.C.
Juan Ugarte plays for Real Sociedad
Rasmus Lindgren plays for FC Groningen
Goran Lazarevski is affiliated to APOEL FC
Roberto Mosquera was born in Callao
Lee Payne plays for Hitchin Town F.C.
José Luis Pochettino is affiliated to Sportivo Italiano
Emanuele Filippini is affiliated to A.C.D. Treviso 2013
Don Hutchison plays for Sunderland A.F.C.
Martin Adrian Garcia plays for C.A. Bella Vista
Laurențiu Diniță is affiliated to FC Rapid II București
Mário Figueira Fernandes is affiliated to Grêmio Foot-Ball Porto Alegrense
Luay Salah is affiliated to Erbil SC
Nathan Jarman is affiliated to Alfreton Town F.C.
United People's Freedom Alliance is located in Colombo
Jonathan Thomas is affiliated to Ospreys (rugby team)
Battle for Brest is located in France
Dejan Osmanović is affiliated to FK Banat Zrenjanin
Serhiy Kucherenko plays for FC Obolon Kyiv
Jay Nolly plays for Vancouver Whitecaps (1986–2010)
Chris Curran (footballer born September 1971) is affiliated to Exeter City F.C.
Mohammad Nosrati is affiliated to Keshavarz F.C.
Scott Chaplain is affiliated to Albion Rovers F.C.
Ernie Curtis plays for Wales national football team
Federico Insúa was born in Lanús
Joris Mathijsen plays for AZ Alkmaar
Norman Panama was born in Chicago
Bernabé Ballester is affiliated to Real Madrid C
Nick Cannon is married to Nick Cannon
Mike Hunter (soccer) has gender male
Ivaylo Ivanov plays for PFC Beroe Stara Zagora
Alwar is located in Alwar district
Rafał Niżnik plays for Boldklubben Frem
David Lee (volleyball) is citizen of France
Emil Dică is affiliated to CS Pandurii Târgu Jiu
Nathaniel Revetria is affiliated to Juventud de Las Piedras
Robert Fleck is affiliated to Gorleston F.C.
Paul Byrne (footballer born 1986) plays for Sporting Fingal F.C.
Oleh Mazurenko is affiliated to FC Dynamo-3 Kyiv
Robbie Threlfall plays for Bradford City A.F.C.
Corrado Grabbi plays for Modena F.C.
Edwin Holliday is affiliated to Workington A.F.C.
Georg Trakl is citizen of Austria-Hungary
Ronny Deila has gender female
Hendrik Herzog plays for East Germany national football team
Mike Williams (footballer born 1969) is affiliated to Burnley F.C.
Murat Ocak is affiliated to Çorumspor
Coldblooded (film) is located in United Kingdom
"Bowen, Queensland is located in Queensland"
Mário Bicák is affiliated to FC Steel Trans Ličartovce
Paul Jarvie is affiliated to Inverurie Loco Works F.C.
Juan Manuel Cavallo plays for Albinegros de Orizaba
"Kevin Dawson (footballer, born 1981) plays for Barnet F.C."
Kevin Wilson (footballer born 1961) has gender female
Dumisa Ngobe is affiliated to Avendale Athletico
Margaret Leijonhufvud has child John III of Sweden
Linda Perry has musical role wordnet guitar 103467517
Fido (film) is located in Canada
Mohamed Boudiaf is politician of Algeria
Poon Yiu Cheuk is affiliated to Sham Shui Po SA
Yordan Minev plays for PFC Hebar Pazardzhik
Gary Rensing plays for Chicago Sting
Darren Forsyth is affiliated to Dunston UTS F.C.
Emmanuel Banahene is affiliated to Heart of Lions F.C.
Ihor Tistyk plays for FC Karpaty-2 Lviv
Nelinho (Mozambican footballer) plays for CD Costa do Sol
Thomas Seeliger is affiliated to FC Eintracht Norderstedt 03
Liam Munroe has gender male
Danny Green (basketball) is affiliated to NBA Development League
Aykut Demir is affiliated to Trabzonspor
Darío Caballero is affiliated to Cerro Porteño
Luc Zoa is affiliated to Putra Samarinda F.C.
Andy Melville is affiliated to West Ham United F.C.
Andreas Constantinou plays for Cyprus national football team
Günter Netzer is affiliated to Grasshopper Club Zürich
Cameron Jerome plays for Stoke City F.C.
Pius Ikedia plays for Bendel Insurance F.C.
Adam Coakley is affiliated to Glenafton Athletic F.C.
Andrew Driver plays for Heart of Midlothian F.C.
Eastern Uusimaa is located in Southern Finland
Sekou Baradji plays for Tours FC
P. D. James has gender female
Nantwich is located in North West England
Robert Sidoli is affiliated to Celtic Warriors
Tse Man Wing plays for Eastern AA
Diktmar Hernández is affiliated to C.D.S. Vida
Rangsan Viwatchaichok was born in Bangkok
Vilson Xavier de Menezes Júnior plays for Madureira Esporte Clube
"Don C. Faith, Jr. has gender female"
János Hrutka has gender male
Aude has capital Carcassonne
Joao Rojas plays for Monarcas Morelia
Steve Goble plays for Skellefteå FF
Khawaja Nazimuddin died in Karachi
Nino Bule plays for Croatia national football team
Billy Lucas is affiliated to Wales national football team
Giorgio Venturin is affiliated to S.S. Lazio
Pavia is located in Lombardy
Keisuke Kurihara is affiliated to Tochigi SC
John Bramhall (footballer) is affiliated to Hyde F.C.
Jean-Paul de Jong plays for FC Utrecht
Aleksandar Ristić is affiliated to FK Velež Mostar
Flavien Belson plays for Amiens SC
Stanisław Terlecki plays for San Jose Earthquakes (1974–88)
Emmanuel Ake plays for Hellerup IK
Revaz Gotsiridze is affiliated to Spartaki-Tskhinvali Tbilisi
Zygmunt Kalinowski plays for Śląsk Wrocław
Jan Schlaudraff is affiliated to BFV Hassia Bingen
Masahiro Endo was born in Shizuoka
Luciana Paluzzi is married to Luciana Paluzzi
Walter Pelletti plays for Montevideo Wanderers F.C.
Ronald Fisher was born in Adelaide
Alberto Savino plays for Brescia Calcio
Nino Bule plays for Croatia national under-21 football team
Gabriel Cânu is affiliated to Romania national football team
Yekaterina Gamova is affiliated to WVC Dynamo Kazan
Steven A. Benner plays for OMR El Annasser
Kansas City International Airport is connected to Minneapolis–Saint Paul International Airport
Sebastián Martínez plays for Club Nacional de Football
Johan Plat is affiliated to RKAV Volendam
Jacques Peyrat is affiliated to Rally of the French People
Katharine Hepburn has won prize Emmy Award
Børge Mathiesen is affiliated to Boldklubben 1903
Takayuki Komine plays for F.C. Gifu
Pavelas Leusas plays for Lithuania national football team
Scott Golbourne plays for Wycombe Wanderers F.C.
Bira (footballer) plays for Paniliakos F.C.
Greg Fleming is affiliated to Gretna F.C.
Étienne Capoue is affiliated to France national under-18 football team
Dirceu was born in Rio de Janeiro
Dragan Mladenović plays for Red Star Belgrade
Şehmus Özer plays for Karşıyaka S.K.
Stélvio Rosa da Cruz plays for Angola national football team
Chaplin (film) is located in United States
Adrian Budka is affiliated to Polar Wrocław
Jimmy Carter (footballer) has gender female
David Burke (footballer) is affiliated to Bolton Wanderers F.C.
David Bentley has gender male
Rafael Martins plays for Grêmio Foot-Ball Porto Alegrense
George Robertson (footballer born 1883) is affiliated to Birmingham City F.C.
Marcos Assunção has gender male
Rasmus Bengtsson was born in Malmö
Mindaugas Panka was born in Vilnius
Massadio Haïdara plays for AS Nancy
Noel Bradley is affiliated to Mossley A.F.C.
Lucien Muller is affiliated to France national football team
Vidak Bratić plays for Red Star Belgrade
Karim Soltani plays for Aris F.C. (Thessaloniki)
Liene Jansone has gender female
Remus Dănălache is affiliated to CSU Voința Sibiu
Marcello Gazzola plays for U.S. Sambenedettese 1923
Albert Acevedo is affiliated to Chile national football team
Adrian Madaschi was born in Perth
Radislav Dragićević is affiliated to Anagennisi Karditsa F.C.
Thomas Loel Guinness was born in Houston
Adam Barton is affiliated to Preston North End F.C.
Mohammad-Esmail Nazari was born in Tehran
Josh Wright plays for England national under-16 football team
Syarhey Shtanyuk has gender female
Peter Brezovan is affiliated to 1. HFK Olomouc
Walter Erviti is affiliated to San Lorenzo de Almagro
Stephan Schulz-Winge has gender male
Marin Petrov plays for PFC Naftex Burgas
Silvio Benítez plays for Sportivo Luqueño
Alex Brunner is affiliated to U.S. Salernitana 1919
José Luis Pochettino is affiliated to Aldosivi
Andrea Lazzari is affiliated to S.S.D. Piacenza Calcio 1919
Behzad Gholampour plays for Homa F.C.
Robert Done is affiliated to Runcorn F.C. Halton
Doris Fitschen plays for Germany women's national football team
Arturo Velazco is affiliated to San Diego Nomads
Lady Gaga has won prize Webby Award
Ihor Pokarynin is affiliated to MFC Mykolaiv
Giovanni Tomi is affiliated to S.S. Maceratese 1922
Marco Sau has gender male
Slađan Đukić is affiliated to Stade Brestois 29
Kurt Schmücker is affiliated to Christian Democratic Union (Germany)
Geoffrey Adjet is affiliated to AS Nancy
Zablon Amanaka plays for Kenya national football team
Shayne Bradley plays for Eastwood Town F.C.
Eddie Clarke has musical role wordnet guitar 103467517
Pedro Luis Jaro plays for Real Betis
R. K. Narayan died in Chennai
Iván Trujillo plays for Atlético Huila
Naoki Soma plays for Waseda University
Serres (regional unit) is located in Greece
Ricardo González (footballer) plays for C.S.D. Comunicaciones
Eva Marie Saint has gender female
Bledi Shkëmbi was born in Tirana
Blagoy Georgiev is affiliated to MSV Duisburg
Stanimir Gospodinov has gender male
Raúl Goni plays for Real Madrid Castilla
Tommy Lonsdale plays for West Auckland Town F.C.
França plays for Esporte Clube XV de Novembro (Jaú)
Murat Ocak is affiliated to Karşıyaka S.K.
Ivan Cvjetković is affiliated to HNK Segesta
Law Adam plays for Grasshopper Club Zürich
Eikoh Hosoe has gender female
Adam Balding is affiliated to Worcester Warriors
Alberto Rafael da Silva has gender male
Francis Pangilinan has gender male
Will.i.am has musical role wordnet keyboard 103614007
Slovenia participated in War in Afghanistan (2001–present)
Aoyama Gakuin University is located in Tokyo
Devika died in Chennai
Marcus Piossek plays for Rot Weiss Ahlen
Đorđe Balašević has musical role wordnet guitar 103467517
Konrad Adenauer is politician of Germany
Vlastimil Petržela plays for FK Hvězda Cheb
Rashad Sadygov is affiliated to Kayserispor
Éric Woerth is affiliated to Rally for the Republic
Carlos Eduardo Santos Oliveira plays for Clube de Regatas Brasil
Chandra Sekhar Yeleti has gender male
Kirkwall is located in KW postcode area
The Human League has gender male
Claudinho plays for Melbourne Victory FC
Lasse Nilsson is affiliated to A.S. Saint-Étienne
Raivis Hščanovičs is affiliated to FS METTA/Latvijas Universitāte
Wanda Kirkbride Farr is citizen of United States
David Edgar (footballer) is affiliated to Canada national soccer team
Marco Padalino plays for FC Malcantone Agno
Oleksandr Rykun is affiliated to FC Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk
Louis J. Mordell has won prize De Morgan Medal
Stella (1990 film) is located in United Kingdom
José Zalazar is affiliated to Racing de Santander
Etiënne Esajas plays for Helmond Sport
Hristo Gospodinov is affiliated to FC Vitosha Bistritsa
Mantas Fridrikas is affiliated to FK Šiauliai
Jeffrey Sarpong plays for NAC Breda
Patiyo Tambwe plays for Hacettepe S.K.
Javier Iturriaga plays for CD Basconia
Quarentinha plays for Unión Magdalena
Dick Keith plays for Linfield F.C.
Torjus Hansén is affiliated to Odds BK
Kevin Fallon plays for Gisborne City AFC
Rashad Sadygov plays for Azerbaijan national under-21 football team
Maksim Tishchenko has gender male
Matt Clarke (footballer born 1973) has gender female
Zsolt Nagy (footballer) is affiliated to Csepel SC
Marcos Ferreira Xavier is affiliated to Neftchi Baku PFK
Luís Müller is affiliated to São Paulo FC
Nelinho (Mozambican footballer) plays for Desportivo Maputo
Paul Bravo is affiliated to Greek-American A.C.
Airton Ribeiro Santos plays for Mesquita Futebol Clube
Mirnel Sadović is affiliated to Kremser SC
Will.i.am has musical role wordnet bass 104986796
Raúl Enrique Estévez plays for Botafogo de Futebol e Regatas
Radislav Dragićević is affiliated to FK Bečej
Oļegs Sorokins was born in Riga
Craig Woodman is affiliated to Exeter City F.C.
Roberto Gamarra (footballer born 1981) is affiliated to Sportivo Luqueño
Omar Nazar plays for Afghanistan national football team
Giuliano Oliviero plays for Edmonton Brickmen
André Muff is affiliated to FC Zürich
Robert T. Frederick has gender male
Lucian Bălan is affiliated to K. Beerschot V.A.C.
Richard Brautigan has gender female
Zbigniew Zakrzewski (footballer) plays for Górnik Konin
Miguel Guante plays for Portland Pilots
Hakan Yakin is affiliated to FC Basel
Cristian Gonzáles has gender female
Tadatoshi Masuda has gender male
Olav Råstad is affiliated to HamKam
Curtis Mayfield has musical role wordnet guitar 103467517
Maya Moore is affiliated to WBC Spartak Moscow Region
Pól Jóhannus Justinussen plays for Faroe Islands national football team
Ihor Shopin plays for PFC Shakhtar Sverdlovsk
Duchy of Milan participated in Battle of Bicocca
Slovakia participated in European theatre of World War II
Zoran Mamić is affiliated to SV Eintracht Trier 05
Dennis Bergkamp has gender male
Joe Gallagher (footballer) is affiliated to Padiham F.C.
Stefan Wächter is affiliated to Hamburger SV II
Ernie Curtis plays for Birmingham City F.C.
Pavia is located in Pavia (province)
Andrea Ferretti (footballer born 1986) is affiliated to A.C. Cesena
"Alfred Milner, 1st Viscount Milner is affiliated to Democratic Party (United States)"
Suat Zendeli plays for FK Shkupi
Billy Lucas is affiliated to Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C.
Paul Marshall (footballer) plays for Stockport County F.C.
Esch-sur-Alzette (canton) is located in Esch-sur-Alzette
Vladimir Gabulov plays for Russia national football team
Carlos Logan plays for Droylsden F.C.
Abdellah Kharbouchi is affiliated to FC Sète 34
Litija is located in Slovenia
Víctor Hugo Andrada is affiliated to Club Real Potosí
Garðar Jóhannsson plays for Stjarnan
Marco Padalino plays for U.C. Sampdoria
Felix Schiller plays for Rot-Weiß Oberhausen
Ludwig Mond graduated from University of Marburg
Neo-Assyrian Empire is located in Asia
Caio Alves is affiliated to Guarani Futebol Clube
Danny da Costa plays for Bayer 04 Leverkusen
Eoghan Hickey plays for University College Dublin R.F.C.
Sergio Omar Almirón plays for Central Córdoba de Rosario
Edmundo Alves de Souza Neto plays for Brazil national football team
John Lasseter graduated from California Institute of the Arts
Stephen Foster (footballer) is affiliated to Burnley F.C.
Yaser Yıldız is affiliated to Sakaryaspor
Kevin Sloan plays for Baltimore Blast
Viktor Brovchenko plays for BVSC Budapest
Simon Smith (footballer) has gender male
Bryan Griffiths plays for St Helens Town A.F.C.
Carlos Adrián Valdez plays for Peñarol
Oleksandr Bondarenko plays for FC Torpedo Zaporizhya
Rhyu Si-min has gender female
Nicolae Constantin is affiliated to CS Chimia Brazi
Christophe Avezac plays for Toulouse FC
Jamie Swanner was born in London
Kelvin Etuhu plays for Barnsley F.C.
Sergio Daniel Martínez is affiliated to Defensor Sporting
Sofronis Avgousti is affiliated to Cyprus national football team
1. FC Eschborn is located in Hesse
Lo Chi Kwan is affiliated to Hong Kong Rangers FC
Nagendra Babu has won prize Nandi Awards
Takashi Usami is affiliated to FC Bayern Munich
Martin Roberts (rugby union) plays for Llanelli RFC
Thomas Hickersberger is affiliated to Wiener Sport-Club
Nancy Kelly has gender male
Carl Asaba is affiliated to Dulwich Hamlet F.C.
Herbert Waas is affiliated to FC Zürich
Thomas Loel Guinness was born in London
Gualberto Campos is affiliated to Portuguesa FC
Felix Healy plays for Irish League representative team
Jörg Neun is affiliated to 1. FC Nürnberg
Prince Valdemar of Denmark has gender male
Juan Carlos de la Barrera plays for Indios de Ciudad Juárez
Fernando Tobias de Carvalho plays for Clube Atlético Sorocaba
James Stansfield plays for Frickley Athletic F.C.
Pablo de Muner plays for Argentina national under-20 football team
George Florescu was born in Bucharest
Tadej Apatič is affiliated to NK Mura
Grégory Tadé is affiliated to Stranraer F.C.
Toshiro Mifune acted in The Idiot (1951 film)
Steven Gregory (footballer) plays for Hayes & Yeading United F.C.
Bruno Grougi plays for AS Cherbourg Football
Svetoslav Petrov (footballer born 1978) has gender female
Pszczyna County is located in Silesian Voivodeship
Mario Vanemerak is affiliated to Chaco For Ever
Akihiro Ienaga is affiliated to R.C.D. Mallorca
Eloy Colombano is affiliated to Estudiantes de La Plata
Ron Davies (footballer born 1932) plays for Southampton F.C.
Maher Al-Sayed plays for Al-Jaish SC (Damascus)
Russia has neighbor Belarus
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain is affiliated to England national under-21 football team
Mindaugas Panka was born in Alytus
Bogdan Buhuș plays for CS Jiul Petroșani
Zvezdan Pejović is affiliated to FK Mladost Podgorica
Albert Acevedo is affiliated to O'Higgins F.C.
Kassim Bizimana has gender female
Jyothika lives in Chennai
Jean-Pierre Tokoto was born in Yaoundé
Hannah Bromley is affiliated to New Zealand women's national under-20 football team
Juvenal Gomes da Silva is affiliated to FC Neman Grodno
Lars Ahlfors graduated from University of Helsinki
Guelma is located in Algeria
Jagadish Chandra Bose lives in Dhaka
Oleksandr Sytnik is affiliated to FC Olimpik Donetsk
Walter Pelletti plays for Club Atlético Banfield
John McQuillan is affiliated to Stranraer F.C.
Thesprotia is located in Epirus (region)
"Rafael Pereira da Silva (footballer, born 1990) was born in Rio de Janeiro"
Marco Bernacci is affiliated to Mantova F.C.
Christophe Le Roux plays for Vannes OC
Yazalde Gomes Pinto plays for S.C. Braga B
Nate Jaqua is affiliated to LA Galaxy
Artem Yashkin has gender male
Dejan Osmanović is affiliated to FK Budućnost Banatski Dvor
Florian Dan Lăcustă is affiliated to Romania national football team
Edvin Murati plays for Stade Briochin
Danilo Belić is affiliated to FC Astana
Alanzinho has gender female
Milan Vještica plays for FC Zenit Saint Petersburg
Radboud University Nijmegen is located in Gelderland
South Gippsland Shire is located in Leongatha
Stefano Desideri plays for A.S. Roma
Otmane El Assas plays for Olympique Khouribga
Marcin Smoliński is affiliated to Odra Wodzisław
Idriss Ech-Chergui is affiliated to Aviron Bayonnais FC
Aung San Suu Kyi graduated from Harvard University
Abass Lawal is affiliated to Moghreb Tétouan
Emmanuel Mbola is affiliated to TP Mazembe
David McKenna (footballer) plays for Stranraer F.C.
Lamine Gassama plays for France national under-21 football team
Vasilis Hatzipanagis is affiliated to Pakhtakor Tashkent FK
Naoki Soma plays for Shimizu Higashi High School
Javier Pastore is affiliated to U.S. Città di Palermo
Eddie Clarke has musical role wordnet vocal music 107282006
Kim Madsen is affiliated to F.C. Copenhagen
Alexander Tettey plays for Rosenborg BK
Yasser Al-Qahtani is affiliated to Al-Hilal FC
Irênio José Soares Filho plays for Associação Portuguesa de Desportos
Latvia participated in Soviet westward offensive of 1918–19
John DeBrito plays for Gremio Lusitano
Martine Carol has gender male
Cristiano dos Santos Rodrigues is affiliated to White City FC
Frank de Boer plays for Ajax Youth Academy
Hristo Gospodinov is affiliated to FC Yantra
Miroslav Latiak plays for MFK Tatran Liptovský Mikuláš
Alexander Wood (soccer) plays for Chelmsford City F.C.
Rudy Jansen plays for SC Cambuur
Philippe Montandon plays for A.C. Chievo Verona
"Lynchburg, Virginia is located in United States"
Karim Zekri plays for Telephonat Beni Suef SC
Carlos Bejarano plays for Club Deportivo Árabe Unido
Rob Hindmarch has gender female
Paweł Kryszałowicz is affiliated to SV Wilhelmshaven
Serhiy Kucherenko plays for FC Hoverla Uzhhorod
Billy Scott (footballer born 1884) is affiliated to Liverpool F.C.
Nazri Nasir is affiliated to Jurong FC
Stanimir Gospodinov is affiliated to PFC Lokomotiv Mezdra
Gary Tallon plays for Chester City F.C.
Juan Carlos Bazalar is affiliated to Club Universitario de Deportes
Nebi Mustafi plays for FK Shkëndija
Rafael Marques Pinto is affiliated to Botafogo de Futebol e Regatas
Stephan Marasek plays for FC Swarovski Tirol
Thomas Strunz plays for VfB Stuttgart
Kaies Ghodhbane is affiliated to Tunisia national football team
Warren Cummings is affiliated to Dundee United F.C.
Nathan Aké is affiliated to Netherlands national under-19 football team
Dragoslav Stepanović has gender female
Ilombe Mboyo is affiliated to K.R.C. Genk
Îles-de-la-Madeleine Airport is connected to Montréal/Saint-Hubert Airport
Ramón Sánchez has gender male
Lady Gaga has won prize Brit Awards
John O'Neill (Northern Ireland footballer) plays for Northern Ireland national football team
Bruno Perone has gender female
Javier Iturriaga plays for CD Getxo
Zablon Amanaka plays for Sofapaka F.C.
Ignacio Zoco is affiliated to CD Oberena
Gao Leilei plays for Beijing Hongdeng F.C.
Jairo Suárez is affiliated to La Equidad
Marcelo Aguiar Quarterole plays for Clube Náutico Capibaribe
Horta Oest is located in Province of Valencia
Oliver Schäfer plays for Freiburger FC
Uwe Zötzsche plays for 1. FC Lokomotive Leipzig
Joe Jacobson has gender male
Emmanuel Osei is affiliated to All Stars F.C.
Time Warner is located in United States
Pierre-Louis Lions is citizen of United States
Tomasz Zahorski plays for Jagiellonia Białystok
Marko Jesic is affiliated to Newcastle Jets FC
Duje Čop plays for Croatia national under-20 football team
Dario Zuffi is affiliated to FC Winterthur
Boris González plays for Deportes Antofagasta
Stewart Downing is affiliated to England national under-21 football team
Freudenstadt is located in Baden-Württemberg
Danilo Belić is affiliated to FC Ordabasy
Dénes Szakály is affiliated to Puskás Akadémia FC
"New Haven, Connecticut is located in New Haven County, Connecticut"
Windsor del Llano plays for Baltimore Bays (1972–73)
Mkhanyiseli Siwahla is affiliated to Chippa United F.C.
Bernard Hofstede plays for Fortuna Sittard
Brad Evans plays for United States men's national under-20 soccer team
Emmanuel Banahene is affiliated to Berekum Chelsea F.C.
Ilia Kandelaki plays for SK Sturm Graz
Franck Dumas plays for Stade Malherbe Caen
Ken O'Doherty is affiliated to Crystal Palace F.C.
Eikoh Hosoe has gender male
Nador is located in Nador Province
Margaret Leijonhufvud has child Charles IX of Sweden
"Arthur Tedder, 1st Baron Tedder has gender female"
Aidan McCaffery plays for Whitley Bay F.C.
Ian Crook was born in Sydney
Andrés Ibáñez Province is located in Santa Cruz Department (Bolivia)
Archie Taylor (footballer born 1939) plays for Halifax Town A.F.C.
Edwin Uehara is affiliated to Sagan Tosu
David Pratt (footballer) plays for Lochgelly United F.C.
Ebrahim Taghipour is affiliated to Tractor Sazi F.C.
Joel Etienne-Clark is affiliated to Great Wakering Rovers F.C.
Manuel Hartmann is affiliated to Holstein Kiel
Jeanie MacPherson died in Los Angeles
Esteban Andrés Suárez plays for Sevilla FC
Bratislav Mijalković has gender female
Sebastian Jung plays for Eintracht Frankfurt
Przasnysz is located in Poland
Duchy of Milan participated in Italian War of 1499–1504
Edvin Murati plays for Albania national football team
Mario Scelba is politician of Italy
Ko Jong-soo plays for South Korea national under-23 football team
Scott Brown has gender female
Bad Gastein is located in St. Johann im Pongau District
Marc Wilmots plays for FC Schalke 04
Igor Shevchenko is affiliated to FC Kuban Krasnodar
Dunston Checks In is located in United States
"Southborough, Massachusetts is located in Massachusetts"
Tom Adeyemi is affiliated to Norwich City F.C.
Frank Munro is affiliated to Scotland national under-21 football team
Adrián Peralta plays for Instituto Atlético Central Córdoba
Kim Nam-il plays for South Korea national under-23 football team
Dragoslav Stepanović has gender male
Michael Sternkopf is affiliated to SC Freiburg
Aleksandar Ilić (footballer) is affiliated to Club Brugge KV
Antoni Nieroba is affiliated to L.B. Châteauroux
Iván Valenciano plays for Centauros Villavicencio
Alberto Quintero Medina plays for Lobos de la BUAP
Jaroslav Pollák is affiliated to FC Red Bull Salzburg
Paul Hendrie plays for Bristol Rovers F.C.
Ekundayo Jayeoba is affiliated to PFC Velbazhd Kyustendil
Rafael Godoi Pereira is affiliated to Villa Rio Esporte Clube
Walter Erviti is affiliated to C.F. Monterrey
William Carlos Williams has gender female
Dzmitry Platonaw was born in Mogilev
Scott Cannon plays for Detroit Rockers
Jenin is located in Palestinian territories
Valdeir da Silva Santos plays for Santa Helena Esporte Clube
Gordon Wallace (footballer born 1943) plays for Montrose F.C.
Jacques Santini plays for Montpellier HSC
Sam Walton graduated from University of Michigan
Tommy Lonsdale plays for Bishop Auckland F.C.
Colin McMenamin plays for Falkirk F.C.
Dave Morley plays for Carlisle United F.C.
Steven Brill (scriptwriter) has gender female
Vuyo Mere has gender female
Patrick J. Hurley graduated from Harvard University
Andy Webster plays for Scotland national football B team
Georgios Galitsios is affiliated to AEL 1964 FC
Ricardo Chaves plays for Vitória F.C.
Gerry Mulligan has won prize Golden Globe Award
Free City of Danzig is located in Central Europe
"William Birdwood, 1st Baron Birdwood has won prize Order of the Indian Empire"
Charles Hermite works at fr/Faculté des sciences de Paris
Bobby Charlton is affiliated to Manchester United F.C.
Dani Bondar has gender male
West New Britain Province is located in Papua New Guinea
Carlos Chaínho is affiliated to Alki Larnaca F.C.
Dumisa Ngobe is affiliated to Kaizer Chiefs F.C.
Dean Morgan has gender male
Róbert Zsolnai is affiliated to Szolnoki MÁV FC
Emmanuel Ake plays for Ølstykke FC
Christian Cellay plays for Rangers de Talca
Sotiris Balafas plays for Greece national under-21 football team
Juan Carlos Menseguez plays for VfL Wolfsburg
Joe Murphy (footballer born 1981) is affiliated to Walsall F.C.
Miguel Ángel Lotina is affiliated to Gernika Club
"New Haven, Connecticut is located in Connecticut"
Ihor Pokarynin is affiliated to FC Odesa
Nuri Şahin plays for Turkey national youth football team
Vladimír Mečiar has child Rudolf Schuster
Ihar Stasevich is affiliated to FC Gomel
Sergio Galván Rey plays for Independiente Santa Fe
Gökhan Zan is affiliated to Hatayspor
Matthew Jurman was born in Sydney
Petr Wojnar is affiliated to FK Mladá Boleslav
Rüdiger Kauf plays for SC Geislingen
Michael Moore (footballer) plays for Stranraer F.C.
Kevin Strootman is affiliated to Netherlands national under-21 football team
Reza Niknazar plays for Sanat Naft Abadan F.C.
Paul Koulibaly plays for Asswehly S.C.
Dai Astley plays for Merthyr Town F.C.
Anderson Luiz Schveitzer plays for F.B.C. Unione Venezia
Michael Timisela plays for VVV-Venlo
Martin Lejsal plays for SC Heerenveen
Mick Meagan plays for Republic of Ireland national football team
Marcelo Elizaga is affiliated to Club Sport Emelec
Bruno Nobili plays for Delfino Pescara 1936
Sander Post is affiliated to FC Elva
Chung Kyung-ho plays for Ulsan Hyundai FC
Maren Brinker has gender female
"Hanover, Pennsylvania is located in United States"
Jennifer Coolidge has gender male
Yordan Minev plays for PFC Belasitsa Petrich
Laconia has capital Sparta
Stanimir Gospodinov has gender female
"West Palm Beach is located in Palm Beach County, Florida"
Karim Zekri plays for Petrojet FC
The Three Musketeers (1993 film) is located in United States
Ahmad Fauzi Saari has gender female
Paul Young (footballer) is affiliated to Portmore United F.C.
Đorđe Pavlić is affiliated to FK Vojvodina
Gary Rensing plays for St. Louis Stars (soccer)
Fabián Guevara is affiliated to Colo-Colo
Mohamed Youssouf is affiliated to Vannes OC
Darren Ferguson is affiliated to Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C.
Îles-de-la-Madeleine Airport is connected to Baie-Comeau Airport
Gustavo Ruiz Díaz is affiliated to Club Atlético Brown
Ernest Akouassaga is affiliated to Gabon national football team
Charles Colson is affiliated to Republican Party (United States)
Santa Maria (Rio Grande do Sul) is located in Brazil
Isar is located in Tyrol (state)
Rainer Zietsch plays for 1. FC Nürnberg
Bassim Abbas plays for Talaba SC
Hugh Huxley has won prize Albert Einstein World Award of Science
Tom Newey is affiliated to Scunthorpe United F.C.
Moharram Navidkia plays for Sepahan Isfahan F.C.
Alberto Rafael da Silva has gender female
Brendan McManus is affiliated to Scarborough F.C.
Flămânda Offensive happened in Romania
Dermot O'Neill (footballer) plays for League of Ireland XI
Gloria DeHaven was born in Los Angeles
Jaka Štromajer plays for NK Domžale
Furio Scarpelli died in Los Angeles
Yazalde Gomes Pinto plays for S.C. Beira-Mar
Mehmet Hetemaj plays for Helsingin Jalkapalloklubi
Célestin Delmer is affiliated to Excelsior AC Roubaix
Michael Timisela plays for Hammarby IF
Primary Colors (film) is located in United States
Marcelo Fracchia is affiliated to Unión Española
"Wayne Brown (footballer, born August 1977) is affiliated to Bury Town F.C."
Paul Dessau was born in Hamburg
Ralph Allen (footballer) plays for Annfield Plain F.C.
Boo Young-tae has gender male
Levent Kartop is affiliated to Turgutluspor
Tadhg Purcell plays for Cork City F.C.
Alan Dickens is affiliated to Colchester United F.C.
Yaghoub Karimi plays for Sepahan Isfahan F.C.
Petr Mikolanda is affiliated to FK Mladá Boleslav
Dermot Mulroney has gender female
Darius Vassell has gender male
Hamamatsu is located in Chūbu region
Amol County is located in Iran
Sürmene is located in Black Sea Region
Goran Đorović is affiliated to F.K. Red Star Belgrade
Andrew Wilson (footballer born 1896) plays for Chelsea F.C.
Alexis N'Gambi is affiliated to Kadji Sports Academy
Rashad Sadygov plays for Azerbaijan national under-21 football team
Choi Sung-kuk is affiliated to Seongnam FC
Artur Moraes plays for S.L. Benfica
Thomas Swords plays for Fall River Rovers
Chris Okoh (footballer) plays for Malta national football team
Josip Šimunić has gender male
Klevis Dalipi plays for KS Kamza
Gaëtan Huard plays for Olympique de Marseille
James Debbah plays for Persiram Raja Ampat
Thomas Flögel is affiliated to ASKÖ Pasching
Norman Smith (South African footballer) has gender female
Adnan Güngör is affiliated to Hacettepe S.K.
Bobby Campbell (Scottish footballer) has gender female
Mirza Džomba is affiliated to Croatia men's national handball team
Leon Redbone has musical role wordnet banjo 102787622
Bo Svensson is affiliated to Denmark national under-21 football team
Michalis Klokidis is affiliated to Korinthos F.C.
Boban Bajković plays for Red Star Belgrade
Dario Baldauf plays for SC Bregenz
Metropolitan Borough of Wigan is located in Wigan
Mourad Meghni plays for France national under-17 football team
"Ames, Iowa is located in Story County, Iowa"
Sergio Bueno is affiliated to Puebla F.C.
Calum Davenport is affiliated to England national under-19 football team
Craig Short is affiliated to Blackburn Rovers F.C.
Kevin Strootman is affiliated to F.C. Utrecht
Bogdan Milić plays for FK Mladost Podgorica
Georges Van Parys has gender female
Andrew Mangan is affiliated to Fleetwood Town F.C.
Crossroads (2002 film) is located in United Kingdom
Vladislav Zvara is affiliated to MFK Košice
Cho Young-cheol is affiliated to Yokohama FC
Alberto Quintero Medina plays for Chorrillo F.C.
Sandy MacFarlane is affiliated to Chelsea F.C.
Thomas Sunesson has gender male
Milan Černý is affiliated to Czech Republic national under-19 football team
Christian Schreier plays for Fortuna Düsseldorf
Vasily Sokolov has won prize Order of the Red Banner of Labour
Jasur Hasanov is affiliated to Sogdiana Jizzakh
Peter Farrell (Irish footballer) is affiliated to Shamrock Rovers F.C.
Martijn Reuser is affiliated to AFC Ajax
Sylvain Didot is affiliated to En Avant de Guingamp
Branko Tucak plays for GNK Dinamo Zagreb
Devika died in Los Angeles
Boldizsár Bodor is affiliated to Hungary national under-17 football team
Kyrylo Kovalchuk has gender male
Afyonkarahisar Province has capital Afyonkarahisar Province
Gheorghe Mihali is affiliated to Romania national football team
Jaouad Zairi is affiliated to Monts d'Or Azergues Foot
Rade Đokić is affiliated to FK Drina Zvornik
Gonzalo Segares has gender male
Xabier Castillo plays for Real Sociedad B
Matthew Connolly is affiliated to Reading F.C.
Cristian Brăneț plays for SCM Petrotub Roman
Maciej Dąbrowski is affiliated to Olimpia Grudziądz
Mickey Walsh is affiliated to S.C. Salgueiros
Rhys Taylor plays for Wales national under-19 football team
Filippo Inzaghi plays for S.S.D. Piacenza Calcio 1919
Edmond Bezik is affiliated to F.C. Shahrdari Bandar Abbas
César Santis is affiliated to Audax Italiano
Zvezdan Pejović is affiliated to FC Carl Zeiss Jena
Milenko Špoljarić is affiliated to Apollon Limassol
Uruguaiana is located in Rio Grande do Sul
Elyaniv Barda is affiliated to Israel national under-21 football team
Gmina Kleszczów is located in Bełchatów County
Gary Fleming plays for Northern Ireland national football team
John Saunders (footballer) plays for Mansfield Town F.C.
Gmina Wieliczka is located in Lesser Poland Voivodeship
Christian Reimann is affiliated to VfB Pößneck
Mark Farren plays for Monaghan United F.C.
Ihor Berezovskyi plays for FC Obolon Kyiv
Hernán Pellerano plays for Newell's Old Boys
Tote (footballer) is affiliated to Real Valladolid C.F.
Nebi Mustafi plays for Levadiakos F.C.
Darko Tofiloski is affiliated to FK Pobeda
Miguel Montes is affiliated to ADET
Emmanuel Ake plays for Ølstykke FC
Carlos Chaínho is affiliated to Casa Pia A.C.
Răzvan Raț plays for Romania national football team
Jeanie MacPherson died in Boston
Paweł Wojciechowski (footballer born 1990) is affiliated to Zawisza Bydgoszcz
Juan Manuel Vargas plays for Club Universitario de Deportes
Mick Meagan plays for Bray Wanderers A.F.C.
Mohamed Boudiaf is politician of France
Ramiro Castillo has gender female
Endurance Idahor is affiliated to Al-Nasr SC (Dubai)
Gerald Gansterer is affiliated to L.A.S.K. Linz
Oleh Shelayev is affiliated to FC Kryvbas Kryvyi Rih
Tom Cheeseman plays for Bath Rugby
Rüdiger Kauf plays for Arminia Bielefeld
Thelma Schoonmaker edited The Departed
John Danby (footballer) plays for Eastwood Town F.C.
Thiago Heleno plays for Cruzeiro Esporte Clube
Cortez Belle plays for Chippenham Town F.C.
Darren Campion plays for Birmingham City F.C.
Winnie Haatrecht plays for FC Oss
Sandviken is located in Sandviken Municipality
"Las Cruces, New Mexico is located in New Mexico"
Mirlan Murzaev plays for FC Dordoi Bishkek
Veselin Vachev is affiliated to PFC Cherno More Varna
Nile Ranger was born in London
Michael Sternkopf is affiliated to Germany Olympic football team
Hugo Luz plays for F.C. Porto B
Dennis Sullivan has won prize Leroy P. Steele Prize
Manas International Airport is connected to Tolmachevo Airport
Tony Franken has gender female
Bobby Barclay has gender male
Reinhard Libuda died in Strasbourg
Mauricie is located in Mauricie
Bradley Johnson is affiliated to Brighton & Hove Albion F.C.
Edmilson Gonçalves Pimenta is affiliated to C.D. Nacional
Vasyl Kobin plays for Ukraine national under-21 football team
Ayad Sadir has gender male
Stuart Roberts (footballer born 1980) is affiliated to Aberystwyth Town F.C.
George Forrest (soccer) has gender male
Masahiro Endo was born in Tokyo
Nirvana (band) has won prize Grammy Award
Davide Biondini is affiliated to Cagliari Calcio
Vasile Ghindaru plays for FC Astra Giurgiu
Nathaniel Kerr is affiliated to Droylsden F.C.
Michael Manniche is affiliated to Hvidovre IF
Julie Andrews has won prize Golden Globe Award
"Lee Collins (footballer, born 1977) is affiliated to Solihull Moors F.C."
Dino Risi created L'ombrellone
Riley O'Neill is affiliated to Canada men's national youth soccer teams
Glen De Boeck plays for Belgium national football team
Antonio Puche has gender female
Sergio Omar Almirón plays for Newell's Old Boys
Valeri Yevgenyevich Sorokin plays for FC Spartak Nizhny Novgorod
John II of Aragon has gender female
Craig Lindfield plays for Chester F.C.
Ljubomir Fejsa has gender male
Davide Succi is affiliated to Ravenna F.C.
Giorgio Venturin is affiliated to Taranto F.C. 1927
Manuel Sol is affiliated to Atlante F.C.
Mitchell Schet is affiliated to Netherlands national under-21 football team
Gerald Asamoah is affiliated to SpVgg Greuther Fürth
Lachute is located in Argenteuil Regional County Municipality
"Dulce of Aragon has child Urraca of Castile, Queen of Portugal"
Dajan Šimac plays for Croatia national under-20 football team
Vegar Landro has gender female
Jean-Guy Wallemme is affiliated to FC Sochaux-Montbéliard
Antun Dunković is affiliated to HNK Rijeka
Santa Maria (Rio Grande do Sul) is located in Rio Grande do Sul
Đorđe Lazić is affiliated to FK Partizan
Yakiv Zalevskyi plays for FC Sakhalin Yuzhno-Sakhalinsk
Nikolaos Vlasopoulos plays for AEL 1964 FC
Jose Baxter is affiliated to England national under-16 football team
Enrique Sola plays for CA Osasuna B
"Division No. 3, Alberta is located in Canada"
Dai Astley plays for Aston Villa F.C.
Donella Meadows is citizen of France
Pius Ikedia plays for Nigeria national football team
Andover Newton Theological School is located in United States
Jensen Ackles lives in California
Björn Kluft is affiliated to Rot Weiss Ahlen
Piotr Skrobowski plays for Poland national football team
Goran Slavkovski plays for Inter Milan
Giovane Alves da Silva plays for Eastern AA
Chris Jones (footballer born 1945) plays for Huddersfield Town F.C.
Marko Bajić was born in Novi Sad
Paulo Bento plays for C.F. Estrela da Amadora
Nick Farquharson is affiliated to Nantwich Town F.C.
"John Lambton, 1st Earl of Durham has won prize Order of St. Anna"
Battle of Leuthen happened in Prussia
Battle of Changsha (1942) happened in Taiwan
Mkhanyiseli Siwahla is affiliated to Bloemfontein Celtic F.C.
Gao Leilei plays for MYPA
Amapá has capital Macapá
Francis Pangilinan has gender female
Andreas Constantinou plays for Enosis Neon Paralimni FC
Dean Pitchford has gender male
Xabier Castillo plays for Real Sociedad
Piraliy Aliev is affiliated to Kazakhstan national under-21 football team
Kay Johnson has gender male
Gareth Abraham is affiliated to Merthyr Tydfil F.C.
Günther Vanaudenaerde has gender female
Guy Delhumeau is affiliated to US Boulogne
Darla Hood has gender male
Sammy Moore plays for Charlton Athletic F.C. Academy
Alberto Ortega is affiliated to El Tanque Sisley
Piotr Bajdziak plays for Czarni Żagań
Rajkumar Hirani has gender male
Karel Schwarzenberg is politician of Czech Republic
Jasmin Handanović is affiliated to Slovenia national football team
"Sekondi-Takoradi is located in Western Region, Ghana"
Ioan Andone plays for Romania national football team
Bruno Candido Farias is affiliated to Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras B
Diego Bustamante plays for Club Deportivo Universidad de San Martín de Porres
Johan Derksen plays for SC Cambuur
Dave Morley plays for Hyde F.C.
Jean-Michel Tchouga is affiliated to SC Kriens
Paweł Olkowski plays for Gwarek Zabrze
Antun Dunković is affiliated to KV Mechelen
Ramzul Zahini Adnan is affiliated to Selangor FA
Aleksejs Višņakovs is affiliated to Latvia national football team
Kenji Arai is affiliated to Home United FC
Eamonn Rogers is affiliated to Republic of Ireland national under-21 football team
Henning Munk Jensen plays for Edmonton Drillers (1979–82)
Peter O'Rourke plays for Third Lanark A.C.
Luciano Álvarez is affiliated to CD Linares
Gabriel Garcete is affiliated to Once Lobos
George Fitzmaurice is married to Ouida Bergère
Jason Crowe is affiliated to Corby Town F.C.
Ryan Finley (soccer) has gender female
Imad Khalili plays for Högaborgs BK
Macchambes Younga-Mouhani is affiliated to 1. FC Union Berlin
Andre McCollin plays for Farnborough F.C.
Dzmitry Platonaw was born in Minsk
Louis the Blind has gender male
Vinícius Conceição da Silva is affiliated to Sport Club Internacional
Louis the Blind has gender female
"Alan Bennett (footballer, born 1981) is affiliated to Brentford F.C."
Otto Ruff graduated from Humboldt University
Henryk Apostel has gender male
Paul Stancliffe plays for Rotherham United F.C.
Jean-Guy Wallemme is affiliated to RC Lens
Mamadou Niang plays for FC Metz
Danny Crow plays for Cambridge United F.C.
Gloria DeHaven was born in New York City
Felipe Seymour plays for A.C. Chievo Verona
Quique Álvarez is affiliated to Villarreal CF
Grégory Arnolin is affiliated to Paris Saint-Germain F.C.
Osona is located in Spain
Jimmy McAlinden plays for Glenavon F.C.
Gulbarga is located in Karnataka
Jean-Paul de Jong plays for VfL Osnabrück
Elvir Bolić plays for İstanbulspor A.Ş.
Resende (parish) is located in Portugal
Semjon Milošević is affiliated to NK Čelik Zenica
Sam McMahon plays for Stamford A.F.C.
Neal Adams was born in New York City
Milan Martinović plays for Maccabi Tel Aviv F.C.
Masahiro Ando (footballer) plays for Gamba Osaka
Peter Larsson (footballer born 1961) is affiliated to Falu BS
Luis Fernando Tena is affiliated to Atlante F.C.
Borivoje Đorđević plays for FK Partizan
Gary Medel is affiliated to Club Deportivo Universidad Católica
Carlos Edwards is affiliated to Defence Force F.C.
Pius Ikedia has gender male
Gmina Wieliczka is located in Wieliczka County
John Pople has won prize Copley Medal
Sonny Guadarrama is affiliated to Campbell University
Ben Dragavon plays for Seattle Sounders (1994–2008)
Niklas Backman is affiliated to AIK Solna
Sven Vermant plays for Club Brugge KV
Clarence Ellis (computer scientist) works at PARC (company)
Blood on Satan's Claw is located in United Kingdom
Sly Stone has musical role wordnet piano 103928116
Colin McMenamin is affiliated to Queen of the South F.C.
Obadiah Tarumbwa is affiliated to Cercle Brugge K.S.V.
Tero Koskela is affiliated to FC Jazz
Gmina Bystrzyca Kłodzka is located in Kłodzko County
Youssef Sofiane is affiliated to Lille OSC
Dmitri Kharine has gender female
Adam Buckley plays for Stamford A.F.C.
Alex Brunner is affiliated to A.S. Lucchese Libertas 1905
Clederson Cesar de Souza is affiliated to Al Ahli Club (Dubai)
Mehmet Hetemaj plays for FC Viikingit
Alan Dickens is affiliated to West Ham United F.C.
Franco Brienza plays for Foggia Calcio
Milan Lešnjak is affiliated to FK Obilić
Keith Foy is affiliated to Monaghan United F.C.
Vellinge Municipality is located in Skåne County
Simon Smith (footballer) has gender female
Craig Mahon is affiliated to Chester F.C.
Alioune Kébé is affiliated to Tours FC
Vyacheslav Semyonov was born in Kiev
Ramzul Zahini Adnan is affiliated to Malaysia national under-23 football team
Walter Abbott plays for Burnley F.C.
Kouvola is located in Southern Finland
Leigh Scott has gender female
Vellinge Municipality is located in Scania
John Cazale has gender female
Gavin Grant (footballer) was born in London
Free City of Danzig is located in Europe
Michael Theo is affiliated to Moreland Zebras FC
Oleksandr Zayets is affiliated to FC Metalurh Zaporizhya
Péter Bíró plays for Egri FC
Shannon Boxx is affiliated to New York Power
Oleksandr Babiy is affiliated to FC Torpedo Zaporizhya
William Goldman graduated from Oberlin College
Jim Carter (actor) has gender male
Sam Raimi directed Spider-Man 2
Guy Stephane Essame is affiliated to Boavista F.C.
Oda Nobunaga has gender male
Jasmin Handanović is affiliated to FC Koper
Rafael Dias (footballer) plays for Sociedade Esportiva Itapirense
Evan Bayh is politician of France
Tommy Steel has gender male
Fernando Almeida de Oliveira plays for Clube Atlético Paranaense
Muzzy Izzet is affiliated to Turkey national football team
"Wake Forest, North Carolina is located in Wake County"
Leandro Augusto is affiliated to Club Tijuana
Samuel Okikiolu has gender male
Irakli Gemazashvili plays for FC Tbilisi
Ronald Waterreus is affiliated to AZ Alkmaar
Scott Brown has gender male
"Fukushima, Fukushima is located in Tōhoku region"
Kevin Sakuda plays for Montreal Impact
Ian Moir (footballer) plays for Wrexham F.C.
Chris Jones (footballer born 1945) plays for Darlington F.C.
Willy Rumpf has won prize Patriotic Order of Merit
Rhyu Si-min has gender male
Dinah Washington has won prize Grammy Award
David Sauget is affiliated to AS Saint-Étienne
John DeBrito plays for New York Centaurs
Jordan Parkes plays for Hemel Hempstead Town F.C.
Galo Plaza has gender female
Vadym Sapay plays for FC Zenit Boyarka
Allan Wanga is affiliated to Al-Merrikh SC
Lac-Saint-Jean-Est Regional County Municipality is located in Saguenay-Lac-St-Jean
Senad Tiganj plays for NK Olimpija Ljubljana (defunct)
Fahed Attal plays for Shabab Al-Khalil SC
Atle Roar Håland is affiliated to FK Mandalskameratene
de/Sveta Ana is located in Slovenia
Berry Powel was born in Amsterdam
Duško Ajder plays for FK Rad
Idriss Ech-Chergui is affiliated to FC Martigues
Di Jones plays for Chirk AAA F.C.
Nicholas Bignall plays for Basingstoke Town F.C.
Nikita Rukavytsya is affiliated to Australia national under-20 association football team
Richard M. Sherman created Huckleberry Finn (1974 film)
"Baldwin County (Alabama) is located in Bay Minette, Alabama"
Ernie Hunt plays for Los Angeles Wolves
Mohammed Abubakari is affiliated to Levadiakos F.C.
"Mamoru Oshii directed New York, I Love You"
Serhiy Danylovskyi is affiliated to Ukraine national football team
Kristi Vangjeli plays for Aris F.C. (Thessaloniki)
Boldizsár Bodor is affiliated to Pécsi MFC
John Harkes plays for Albany Capitals
Eren Özen plays for Hacettepe S.K.
Stefano Denswil plays for Jong Ajax
Chris Price plays for Hereford United F.C.
Tony Hateley is affiliated to Prescot Cables F.C.
David Burke (footballer) is affiliated to Crystal Palace F.C.
Dirk Kuyt is affiliated to Quick Boys
Democratic Progressive Party is located in Taipei
Gaëtan Huard plays for Hércules CF
Bobby Williamson plays for Clydebank F.C.
James Turley plays for Stalybridge Celtic F.C.
Persi Diaconis is citizen of United States
Petr Wojnar is affiliated to SK Kladno
Stefan Klos plays for TSC Eintracht Dortmund
Bruce B. G. Clarke has won prize Ranger tab
"Alan Bennett (footballer, born 1981) is affiliated to Republic of Ireland national under-21 football team"
Adrian Scarlatache is affiliated to CS Jiul Petroșani
Akihiro Ienaga is affiliated to Japan national under-23 football team
Timika Airport is connected to Sultan Hasanuddin International Airport
Udham Singh Nagar district is located in India
Wolfgang Trapp plays for ASV Durlach
Douglas Rinaldi plays for Veranópolis Esporte Clube Recreativo e Cultural
Earnie Stewart is affiliated to Willem II (football club)
Ko Jong-soo plays for Jeonnam Dragons
Buba Yohanna is affiliated to C.R. Caála
Araquem de Melo is affiliated to Club Atlético Huracán
Frank Hartmann (footballer born August 1960) plays for TSV Havelse
Fani Madida plays for Hellenic F.C.
Hugo Bargas plays for Club Blooming
Jone Samuelsen plays for Norway national under-19 football team
Orlando Sá is affiliated to AD Esposende
Alexis N'Gambi is affiliated to FK Partizan
Róbert Feczesin plays for Ascoli Calcio 1898
Alana Stewart is married to George Hamilton (actor)
Matthew Connolly is affiliated to A.F.C. Bournemouth
Edwin Holliday is affiliated to Peterborough United F.C.
Alexander Tettey plays for Skeid Fotball
Stephen Armstrong is affiliated to Sporting Kansas City
Adrián Romero was born in Montevideo
Masahiro Ando (footballer) plays for Kokushikan University
"Kōriyama, Fukushima is located in Fukushima (prefecture)"
Duško Ajder plays for Leça F.C.
Nathan Stanton was born in Leicester
Robert Bruce Lindsay has gender male
Matt Hocking is affiliated to Stevenage F.C.
Bobby Charlton is affiliated to The Football League
Jim Kerray is affiliated to Stirling Albion F.C.
Gilson Luís Pinheiro Júnior plays for FC Chiasso
Neil Finn has musical role wordnet vocal music 107282006
Public Enemy (group) has gender male
The Odyssey (TV miniseries) is located in Malta
George Appleyard has gender female
Danijel Subašić plays for HNK Hajduk Split
Darren Tinson is affiliated to Macclesfield Town F.C.
Laurie Abrahams has gender female
Ney Fabiano is affiliated to Phuket F.C.
Mamadou Seck (footballer) is affiliated to Toulouse FC
Vagiz Galiullin is affiliated to FK Andijan
Eric Avery has gender male
Windsor del Llano plays for Tacoma Tides
Yakov M. Rabkin plays for Czech Republic national under-21 football team
Miguel Montes is affiliated to A.D. Isidro Metapán
Ursula Andress has won prize Volpi Cup
Littleton Groom is affiliated to United Australia Party
Mike Petersen plays for Brunswick Juventus FC
"Fukushima, Fukushima is located in Fukushima Prefecture"
Jim Baker (footballer) is affiliated to Huddersfield Town F.C.
Adewale Sunday Amusan plays for Wikki Tourists F.C.
Ron Vlaar is affiliated to Netherlands national under-21 football team
Marcello Gazzola plays for A.S. Avellino 1912
Chris Anderson (footballer) is affiliated to Aberdeen F.C.
Mike Flater plays for Denver Dynamos
Jagadish Chandra Bose lives in Kolkata
Jackie Jameson is affiliated to Bohemian F.C.
Ursula Andress has won prize Golden Globe Award
Ali Benarbia plays for Qatar SC
George Thomas Coker has won prize Air Medal
Reinhard Libuda died in Gelsenkirchen
Solothurn is located in Holy Roman Empire
"Lee Grant (footballer, born 1983) plays for Oldham Athletic A.F.C."
Henning Munk Jensen is affiliated to Edmonton Drillers (1979–82)
Neil Finn has musical role wordnet uke 104506289
Paulin Dhëmbi is affiliated to Besa Kavajë
"Ub, Serbia is located in Central Serbia"
Oleksandr Kosyrin plays for FC Arsenal Kyiv
André Scotti Ossemer plays for Sabah FA
Vuyo Mere has gender male
Martin Amedick is affiliated to Borussia Dortmund II
Alexander Korda directed The Lion Has Wings
Ildo Maneiro has gender male
Blanche I of Navarre has gender female
Dario Grava is affiliated to OGC Nice
Junior Osborne is affiliated to Watford F.C.
Imad Khalili plays for Sweden national under-19 football team
Ib Schønberg has gender female
Werner Nilsen is affiliated to New York Yankees (soccer)
Coldblooded (film) is located in United States
Simon Gopane plays for South Africa national football team
Henry Quinteros plays for Alianza Lima
Jimmy McStay plays for Hamilton Academical F.C.
João Paulo Bersch was born in Curitiba
Néstor Ortigoza plays for Argentinos Juniors
Krasimir Dimitrov plays for FC Maritsa Plovdiv
Joe Corrigan is affiliated to England national football team
Arkadiusz Mysona was born in Szczecin
Joss Labadie plays for West Bromwich Albion F.C.
The Son of Dr. Jekyll is located in United Kingdom
Sam Walton graduated from University of Missouri
Pascal Grünwald plays for FC Wacker Innsbruck
Fido (film) is located in United States
Günter Netzer is affiliated to Borussia Mönchengladbach
David Wheater plays for England national under-16 football team
Gergő Jeremiás plays for Mezőkövesd-Zsóry SE
Jerry Nelson acted in Rocky Mountain Holiday
Bryan Adams has musical role wordnet guitar 103467517
Konstantinos Lambropoulos plays for Panionios G.S.S.
Ophélie Meilleroux is affiliated to Montpellier HSC (Ladies)
Manfred Wörner is politician of France
Mike Chabala plays for Yakima Reds
Andrew Driver plays for Scotland national under-16 football team
Battle of Eckmühl happened in Kingdom of Bavaria
Marcelo Elizaga is affiliated to Club Atlético Lanús
Charis Yulianto is affiliated to Sriwijaya F.C.
David Hellebuyck plays for AS Saint-Étienne
Maikel Aerts is affiliated to RBC Roosendaal
Nador is located in Morocco
Hugh Curran plays for Millwall F.C.
Josta Dladla plays for Bidvest Wits F.C.
Andrew V. McLaglen directed Shenandoah (film)
Juliusz Słowacki has gender female
Omega Roberts plays for Séwé Sport de San-Pédro
Tamás Szamosi plays for Zalaegerszegi TE
Ahmed Ali (footballer) is affiliated to Ittihad El-Shorta
Dean Stokes is affiliated to Halesowen Town F.C.
John Bacon (footballer) was born in Dublin
Frank Munro is affiliated to Scotland national football team
Guelma is located in Guelma Province
Pedro Luis Jaro plays for CD Málaga
"Brian Wilson (footballer, born 1983) is affiliated to Colchester United F.C."
Maikel Renfurm plays for Knattspyrnufélag Reykjavíkur
The Burning Train is located in United States
Héctor Zelada plays for Argentina national football team
John Alexander Valencia plays for Atlético Bucaramanga
Gordon Marshall (footballer born 1939) plays for Arbroath F.C.
Marcelo Elizaga has gender male
Minas Osmani plays for FK Olimpic
Tomáš Jun was born in Děčín
Oleh Shelayev is affiliated to FC Shakhtar Donetsk
Gilles De Bilde plays for Aston Villa F.C.
Marcelo Fracchia is affiliated to Club Deportes Concepción
Iffy Onuora has gender male
Fernando Almeida de Oliveira plays for Kashima Antlers
Sebastian Bönig plays for BFC Viktoria 1889
Lincoln Chafee graduated from Brown University
Marco Adaggio is affiliated to Worcester City F.C.
Ariza Makukula has gender male
Ronny Deila has gender male
Dioh Williams plays for Floda BoIF
Mehdi Amirabadi is affiliated to Iran national football team
Nuno Diogo plays for Sporting Clube de Portugal B
Keith Hill (footballer) plays for Cheltenham Town F.C.
Ringo Cantillo is affiliated to New England Tea Men
Zoran Smileski plays for FC Wacker Innsbruck (2002)
"Inkster, Michigan is located in Wayne County, Michigan"
Alessandro Tulli is affiliated to Italy national under-18 football team
Norman Tome plays for Bankstown City FC
Bryn Halliwell is affiliated to Queen of the South F.C.
Charlie Richards is affiliated to Gresley F.C.
Antoine Cuissard was born in Saint-Étienne
Nicolás Canales is affiliated to Chile national football team
John Herrick is affiliated to League of Ireland XI
Ümit Can Batman has gender female
Alexander von Linsingen has won prize Friedrich Order
Marcelo Elizaga has gender female
Yevgeni Tarasov has gender female
Martin Novoselac is affiliated to HNK Cibalia
Anurak Srikerd is affiliated to Thailand national football team
Michael Theo is affiliated to Football Kingz FC
Anri Khagush plays for PFC Spartak Nalchik
Linda Perry has musical role wordnet piano 103928116
Emmanuel Sarki plays for Wisła Kraków
Tony Bedeau plays for Kingstonian F.C.
Tržič is located in Upper Carniola
Ty Gooden plays for Arsenal F.C.
Ian Stewart (Australian rules footballer) is affiliated to St Kilda Football Club
Michael O'Neill (footballer) plays for Northern Ireland national football team
Octavio Valdez plays for C.F. La Piedad
Valeri Yevgenyevich Sorokin plays for A.F.C. Tubize
Steve Hetzke plays for Colchester United F.C.
Héctor Miguel Herrera plays for F.C. Porto
Where the Wild Things Are (film) is located in United States
Munich Airport is connected to Zurich Airport
Ally Dawson is affiliated to St. Andrews F.C.
Rashad Sadygov is affiliated to Azerbaijan national under-21 football team
Gallego (footballer) is affiliated to Sevilla FC
Tem Hansen plays for BK Søllerød-Vedbæk
Willie Ormond was born in Musselburgh
Pszczyna County is located in Pszczyna County
Municipality of Jesenice is located in Upper Carniola
Zhoushan Putuoshan Airport is connected to Beijing Nanyuan Airport
John B. Goodenough graduated from University of Chicago
Óscar Vílchez plays for Sport Áncash
Nathaniel Revetria is affiliated to Cultural y Deportiva Leonesa
Gary Bennett (footballer born 1970) plays for Witham Town F.C.
"Southborough, Massachusetts is located in Worcester County, Massachusetts"
Tony Brown (English footballer) is affiliated to New England Tea Men
First Portuguese Republic participated in Spring Offensive
Mario Acevedo plays for Antigua GFC
Alwar is located in Rajasthan
Hamad International Airport is connected to Indira Gandhi International Airport
James Howie is affiliated to Scottish Football League XI
Andy Griffin plays for England national under-21 football team
Busta Rhymes created I'm So Hood
Georgi Nemsadze is affiliated to FC 08 Homburg
Kåre Ingebrigtsen is affiliated to Strømsgodset IF
Kevin van Dessel is affiliated to Genoa C.F.C.
Giovanni Tomi is affiliated to Foggia Calcio
Matt Green (footballer) plays for Newport County A.F.C.
Roberto Sosa (footballer) plays for A.C.R. Messina
Anthony Pilkington plays for Preston North End F.C.
Sean Devine has gender female
"Goldsboro, North Carolina is located in Wayne County, North Carolina"
Ymer Xhaferi plays for KF Trepça'89
Neil Kilkenny plays for England national under-18 football team
Krasimir Georgiev plays for PFC Vidima-Rakovski Sevlievo
Wanda Kirkbride Farr is citizen of United Kingdom
Mark Rutte graduated from University of Leiden
Ingvild Stensland plays for Kolbotn Fotball
Milan Lešnjak is affiliated to Club Brugge KV
University of Mainz is located in Germany
"John Robertson (footballer, born 1964) plays for Scotland national football team"
Jordan Opoku is affiliated to Feyenoord Ghana
Łukasz Załuska plays for Ruch Wysokie Mazowieckie
Schwaz is located in Austria
Charles Gbeke is affiliated to Ottawa Wizards
Pavel Londak plays for FK Bodø/Glimt
Tom Soetaers is affiliated to Belgium national under-21 football team
Slaven Stjepanović plays for FK Partizan
Andrés San Martín is affiliated to Arsenal de Sarandí
Stélvio Rosa da Cruz plays for C.D. Primeiro de Agosto
Custódio Castro plays for Portugal national under-21 football team
Don Hutchison plays for Luton Town F.C.
Erling Sørensen plays for Boldklubben Frem
Ramón da Silva Ramos plays for Brasília Futebol Clube
Roberto Wong plays for Municipal Pérez Zeledón
Yevhen Shyryayev plays for Ukraine national under-21 football team
Sam English is affiliated to Queen of the South F.C.
Marcus Piossek plays for Borussia Dortmund II
Roy Warhurst is affiliated to Banbury United F.C.
Mário Figueira Fernandes is affiliated to CSKA Moscow
Shergo Biran plays for 1. FC Magdeburg
William Araujo is affiliated to Deportivo Cuenca
Manuel Fernández Muñiz has gender male
Michael Kay (footballer) is affiliated to Gateshead F.C.
Jack Bowers plays for Scunthorpe United F.C.
Candace Chapman has gender female
William Kinniburgh is affiliated to Motherwell F.C.
Tony McMahon is affiliated to Blackpool F.C.
Manuel Jiménez Jiménez is affiliated to Real Jaén
Maciej Sadlok is affiliated to Poland national football team
Liselotte Pulver plays for Odense Boldklub
Nalbari district is located in India
Patrick Blondeau plays for France national football team
Dragan Mladenović plays for Real Sociedad
İlkem Özkaynak plays for Adanaspor
Ramon de Morais Motta plays for Sport Club Internacional
Vančo Micevski plays for FK Pelister
Daniel Francis (footballer) plays for Potters Bar Town F.C.
Chaim Weizmann is affiliated to General Zionists
Carbon Leaf is located in Canada
Javodullo Ibragimov is affiliated to Traktor Tashkent
Sly Stone has musical role wordnet harmonica 103494278
Danilo Rios is affiliated to Fortaleza Esporte Clube
Swapan Chattopadhyay lives in California
Emmanuel Eboué is affiliated to Galatasaray S.K.
Marijan Buljat has gender male
Senica is located in Trnava Region
Gerry McCabe is affiliated to Glentoran F.C.
Yoshinori Abe is affiliated to Tokyo Verdy
Paolo Foglio is affiliated to Atalanta B.C.
Thomas Strunz plays for MSV Duisburg
William Goldman graduated from Columbia University
"Corydon, Indiana is located in United States"
Jefferson Davis graduated from United States Military Academy at West Point
Đorđe Pavlić is affiliated to Schwarz-Weiß Essen
Antoni Nieroba is affiliated to Rozwój Katowice
Gabriel Cânu is affiliated to AS Cimentul Fieni
Lucian Bălan is affiliated to FCM Baia Mare
Ngaio Marsh has won prize Edgar Award
Álvaro Recoba plays for Club Nacional de Football
Stephan Marasek plays for FC Admira Wacker Mödling
Craig Short is affiliated to Pickering Town F.C.
Miguel Guante plays for Portland Timbers U23s
Alex Bunbury is affiliated to Toronto Blizzard (1986–93)
Jan Tomaszewski plays for Hércules CF
Marcus Hummon has musical role wordnet mandolin 103716966
Mourad Meghni plays for France national under-19 football team
Jordan Parkes plays for Brentford F.C.
Youssouf Koné is affiliated to S.S.D. Pro Sesto Calcio
Mariano Martín is affiliated to Gimnàstic de Tarragona
Gino Pivatelli is affiliated to S.C. Ravenna Sport 2019
Carsten V. Jensen is affiliated to Næstved BK
Leigh Scott has gender male
Tomáš Jun was born in Prague
Héctor Cúper plays for Club Atlético Huracán
Luca Castiglia plays for Juventus F.C.
Billy Draycott is affiliated to Burton Wanderers F.C.
Alfredo Di Stéfano plays for Argentina national football team
Vladislav Ryzhkov plays for FC Arsenal Tula
George Forrest (soccer) has gender female
Nils Petersen has gender male
Michael Reda was born in Melbourne
David Bowie has won prize Grammy Award
Johns Hopkins University is located in Nanjing
Kevan Smith plays for Whitby Town F.C.
Ali Bouabé plays for Fath Union Sport
Brian Graham (footballer) plays for East Stirlingshire F.C.
Adrian Budka is affiliated to Górnik Łęczna
Ramazan Sal plays for Pendikspor
Reynaldo Tilguath plays for Honduras national under-20 football team
Viet Cong participated in Operation Menu
Lakeland is located in United States
Fransergio plays for Kocaelispor
Reg Stockill is affiliated to York City F.C.
Günter Sawitzki plays for Bundesliga
Frederick I of Sweden has child Frederick I of Sweden
Dario Grava is affiliated to FCSR Haguenau
Ihor Tistyk plays for FC Karpaty Lviv
Marc Wilmots plays for Belgium national under-21 football team
Stevan Ostojić is affiliated to F.K. Red Star Belgrade
John Miles (musician) has gender female
Adrian Hayes is affiliated to Cambridge United F.C.
Carsten Ramelow plays for Germany national football team
Bergama is located in Izmir Province
Meyer Carlos de Camargo Júnior plays for Al-Nasr S.C.S.C.
"Lee Grant (footballer, born 1983) plays for Burnley F.C."
Chérif Abdeslam is affiliated to JS Kabylie
Anderson Silva de França is affiliated to Everton F.C.
John Gregory (footballer) is affiliated to Brighton & Hove Albion F.C.
Gordon Schildenfeld plays for Croatia national football team
Meisam Rezapour plays for Sorkhpooshan Delvar Afzar F.C.
"Dušan Uhrin, Jr. was born in Tbilisi"
Nea Anchialos National Airport is connected to Heraklion International Airport
Joao Rojas plays for Independiente del Valle
Colin Brazier (footballer) is affiliated to Leamington F.C.
Shaun Marshall plays for Dereham Town F.C.
Nélio da Silva Melo has gender female
Shizuoka Prefecture is located in Chūbu region
"Sandy, Utah is located in Utah"
Max Porter is affiliated to England national football C team
Nenad Bjeković plays for FK Proleter Zrenjanin
Peter Medak has gender female
"John Smith (footballer, born 1939) is affiliated to Swindon Town F.C."
Bréiner Belalcázar is affiliated to Atlético Huila
Ricky Schramm plays for Georgetown University
Ilya Mikhalyov plays for FC Olimpik Donetsk
Virtuality (TV pilot) is located in British Columbia
Billy Scott (footballer born 1884) is affiliated to Ireland national football team (1882–1950)
Luis Barbat was born in La Plata
Mark Farren plays for Finn Harps F.C.
Dajan Šimac plays for BFV Hassia Bingen
Džemal Berberović plays for FK Sarajevo
Dennis Bergkamp has gender female
"Jorge Salcedo was born in Torrance, California"
"Marion, Virginia is located in Smyth County, Virginia"
Wade Elliott is affiliated to Southampton F.C. Academy
Jessica Landström is affiliated to Djurgårdens IF Dam
Krasimir Dimitrov plays for PFC Brestnik 1948
Marco Gori plays for A.S.D. Battipagliese
Datsakorn Thonglao plays for 1. FC Kaiserslautern
Alberto Blanco plays for Club Deportivo Plaza Amador
Moharram Navidkia plays for VfL Bochum
Mark Perry (Scottish footballer) plays for Cove Rangers F.C.
Kenny Watson (footballer) is affiliated to Montrose F.C.
Marc Bridge-Wilkinson plays for Darlington F.C.
Ross Greenwood (footballer) plays for Gainsborough Trinity F.C.
"Washington County, North Carolina is located in Plymouth, North Carolina"
Yuzo Funakoshi plays for Japan national football team
Mariano Bogliacino is affiliated to A.C. Chievo Verona
Alan da Silva Souza plays for FC Stal Alchevsk
Tunisia deals with Germany
Dave Bamber plays for Stoke City F.C.
Kettering is located in Northamptonshire
Meisam Rezapour plays for Padideh F.C.
"Margaret of Geneva is married to Thomas I, Count of Savoy"
Georges Peyroche is affiliated to France national football team
Cortez Belle is affiliated to Port Talbot Town F.C.
Max Porter is affiliated to Bishop's Stortford F.C.
Yuji Horii has gender male
Dorothy Lewis Bernstein has gender male
Bobby Robinson (footballer) plays for Heart of Midlothian F.C.
Giuseppe Savoldi plays for Atalanta B.C.
Klaus Wunder has gender male
Jonathan Leathers plays for Atlanta Silverbacks U23's
Kang Min-soo is affiliated to South Korea national under-23 football team
Kristian Nushi plays for Kosovo national football team
Pat Sharkey is affiliated to Omagh Town F.C.
R. Steven Whitcomb has won prize Distinguished Service Medal
Simon Travis is affiliated to Leamington F.C.
Municipality of Škocjan is located in Sevnica
Demba Ba plays for Senegal national football team
Mami Kawada has gender female
Jack Wheeler (association football) has gender male
Pier Angeli is married to Vic Damone
Amapá has capital Amapá
Sebastian Bönig plays for 1. FC Union Berlin
Christophe Meslin is affiliated to S.C. Bastia
Lucien Muller is affiliated to FC Barcelona
Trey Parker has won prize Peabody Award
Calum Davenport is affiliated to England national under-20 football team
Mvondo Atangana has gender female
Werner Nilsen is affiliated to United States men's national soccer team
Sonny Guadarrama is affiliated to Santos Laguna
Oscar Alberto Ortiz has gender female
"James Vaughan (footballer, born 1986) is affiliated to Droylsden F.C."
Constant Joacim plays for R.O.C. de Charleroi-Marchienne
Steven Brill (scriptwriter) has gender male
Márcio Santos (goalkeeper) plays for Sporting Clube Lourinhanense
Ilombe Mboyo is affiliated to K.V. Kortrijk
Viktor Budyanskiy is affiliated to A.S. Avellino 1912
Dan Donigan has gender female
Endre Bajúsz has gender male
Enri Tafaj plays for Albania national under-19 football team
"Arnold van Keppel, 1st Earl of Albemarle has gender female"
Ilias Anastasakos plays for AEK Athens F.C.
Nicolae Constantin is affiliated to FC Astra Giurgiu
Kaylyn Kyle plays for Canada women's national soccer team
Cameron Jerome is affiliated to Birmingham City F.C.
Otmane El Assas plays for Umm Salal SC
Bréiner Belalcázar is affiliated to Deportivo Cali
Sebastián Losada is affiliated to Spain national under-18 football team
Vitaliy Romanyuk plays for FC Karpaty-2 Lviv
Craig Eastmond is affiliated to Millwall F.C.
Anerood Jugnauth is affiliated to Independent (politician)
Husref Musemić plays for VVV-Venlo
Arjan Xhumba is affiliated to Enosis Neon Paralimni FC
Lance Carr has gender female
Osona is located in Girona (province)
Serhiy Perkhun died in Moscow
Jill Sobule has musical role wordnet guitar 103467517
Bobby Campbell (Scottish footballer) has gender male
Paul Rustom plays for Lebanon national football team
Emmanuel Mbola is affiliated to Zambia national football team
Manu Trigueros plays for Villarreal CF C
Jon Richardson (footballer) is affiliated to Chasetown F.C.
David Hanssen is affiliated to Stabæk Fotball
The Burning Train is located in India
Boban Jančevski is affiliated to FK Renova
Christos Harissis has gender male
Raoul Bott lives in Canada
Peter Brezovan is affiliated to FK ŠKP Inter Dúbravka Bratislava
Günther Vanaudenaerde has gender male
Minoru Suganuma is affiliated to Júbilo Iwata
Vanessa Redgrave is married to Vanessa Redgrave
"Raša, Istria County is located in Istria County"
Jolin Tsai has gender female
Asraruddin Putra Omar plays for Bukit Jalil Sports School
Giuseppe Aquaro is affiliated to A.S. Melfi
Hideaki Ozawa is affiliated to F.C. Tokyo
Wade Elliott is affiliated to Burnley F.C.
Éver Banega has gender female
Andrea Bernini has gender male
Ben Griffin (footballer) is affiliated to Brisbane Strikers FC
Nikola Spasov plays for Bulgaria national football team
"Hanover, Pennsylvania is located in York County, Pennsylvania"
Bira (footballer) plays for Clube Atlético Mineiro
Serhat Akın was born in Istanbul
Ricki Herbert plays for University-Mount Wellington
Municipality of Rogatec is located in Savinjska Statistical Region
John Hawley (footballer) plays for Hull City A.F.C.
Davoud Fanaei plays for Polyacryl Esfahan F.C.
Saffet Sancaklı is affiliated to Turkey national football team
Chris Greenacre plays for Scarborough F.C.
Rod Blagojevich has gender male
Segrià is located in Lleida (province)
Robert Sara is affiliated to Favoritner AC
Nikolas Asprogenis is affiliated to Ethnikos Assia F.C.
Christiaan Pförtner plays for FC 08 Homburg
Goran Lozanovski is affiliated to Western Strikers SC
Bryan Anderson (politician) has gender male
Jürgen Warnke is politician of Germany
Frankie Artus is affiliated to Cheltenham Town F.C.
René van der Gijp is affiliated to Feyenoord
Carlos Recalde plays for Club Guaraní
Agne Simonsson has gender female
Tamás Szamosi plays for III. Kerületi TUE
Allyson Araújo Santos is affiliated to Associação Desportiva Bahia de Feira
Nick Phinn plays for Stranraer F.C.
Moussa Ouattara is affiliated to US Créteil-Lusitanos
Steve Simonsen is affiliated to England national under-21 football team
Frédéric Daquin plays for AS Cannes
Jerry Dawson (footballer born 1909) is affiliated to Camelon Juniors F.C.
Roy Warhurst is affiliated to Birmingham City F.C.
Franz Gerber plays for Wuppertaler SV
George Parris plays for Brentford F.C.
Maciej Dąbrowski is affiliated to Zawisza Bydgoszcz
Gustavo Neffa plays for Boca Juniors
Elihu Thomson graduated from Tufts University
Carlos Humberto da Silva Ferreira is affiliated to SC Vianense
Andrés Alberto Hernández Socas is affiliated to UD Las Palmas Atlético
Archie Taylor (footballer born 1939) plays for York City F.C.
"Philippa of Hainault has child John of Gaunt, 1st Duke of Lancaster"
Dilip Kumar has gender female
Kenneth Storvik is affiliated to Rosenborg BK
Thesprotia is located in Epirus
Davide Biondini is affiliated to Genoa C.F.C.
Marcos Gelabert plays for FC Basel
Jack Bowers plays for Derby County F.C.
Christian Díaz is affiliated to UD Almería
Scott Severin plays for Aberdeen F.C.
Sergio Galván Rey plays for Once Caldas
Željko Kalajdžić is affiliated to FK Zemun
Gary Twigg plays for Airdrieonians F.C.
Stefan Ilsanker (footballer) is affiliated to F.C. Red Bull Salzburg
Emil Jannings acted in Tartuffe (film)
Craig Potter (footballer) is affiliated to Ayr United F.C.
Steve Derrett is affiliated to Rotherham United F.C.
A. E. W. Mason created The Four Feathers (1939 film)
Maksim Tishchenko has gender female
Jensen Ackles lives in Los Angeles
Harold Hardman plays for Bradford City A.F.C.
Daniel Opare is affiliated to Ghana national under-17 football team
Gmina Głogów is located in Głogów County
Jun Uruno is affiliated to Honda FC
Gabriel Mendez is affiliated to Sydney Olympic FC
Claude Chabrol created The Seven Deadly Sins (1962 film)
Auri Dias Faustino is affiliated to Vitória S.C.
Gavin Grant (footballer) was born in Bradford
"Phil Brown (footballer, born 1966) plays for Matlock Town F.C."
Zaur Kaziev is affiliated to Dinaburg FC
Roy Warhurst is affiliated to Oldham Athletic A.F.C.
Hugh Huxley has won prize Copley Medal
İlyas Kahraman plays for Adanaspor
Rubén Pagnanini is affiliated to A.A. Argentinos Juniors
Lee Phillips (footballer born 1979) plays for Llanelli A.F.C.
Marius Popa is affiliated to FC Bihor Oradea
Craig Shakespeare plays for Telford United F.C.
David Hanssen is affiliated to Hønefoss BK
Sergio Manente is affiliated to Udinese Calcio
Ștefan Mardare is affiliated to FCM Bacău
Tyson Wahl is affiliated to Orange County Blue Star
Bohdan Shust has gender female
Naser al-Din Shah Qajar has won prize Order of St. Anna
Gmina Uścimów is located in Lubartów County
Proctor Hall is affiliated to Manchester United F.C.
Back Young-chul has gender male
Girish Karnad has won prize Padma Shri
Rijat Shala plays for FC Lugano
Gustavo Biscayzacú has gender female
Ivo Pękalski plays for Sweden national under-21 football team
Octavio Valdez plays for C.F. Pachuca
Karl Murray plays for Croydon Athletic F.C.
Dane Richards is affiliated to San Jacinto College
Paul Pogba is affiliated to France national under-17 football team
Märt Kosemets is affiliated to JK Tervis Pärnu
"José Burciaga, Jr. is affiliated to Pittsburgh Riverhounds"
Gene Geimer is affiliated to Saint Louis Billikens men's soccer
Waiting for the Messiah is located in Argentina
Fernando Tobias de Carvalho plays for SK Dynamo České Budějovice
Alex Bunbury is affiliated to Canada men's national soccer team
Jamie Cureton was born in London
Høylandet is located in Middle Norway
John Alexander Valencia plays for Chivas USA
Martin Vozábal plays for SK Dynamo České Budějovice
Luka Peruzović plays for HNK Hajduk Split
Veselin Marchev is affiliated to PFC Pirin Gotse Delchev
Sid Rawlings is affiliated to Plymouth Argyle F.C.
Branislav Labant plays for FK Viktoria Žižkov
Fabijan Cipot plays for ND Mura 05
Baffour Gyan plays for Liberty Professionals F.C.
Louise Bogan has gender female
Matthew Berkeley is affiliated to Droylsden F.C.
Andrés Saldarriaga plays for Cúcuta Deportivo
Geoff Butler is affiliated to Middlesbrough F.C.
Norman Panama created Star Spangled Rhythm
Daniel da Silva Soares is affiliated to Skoda Xanthi F.C.
Miklós Gaál plays for Zalaegerszegi TE
Máté Kiss is affiliated to Mezőkövesd-Zsóry SE
Leon Redbone has musical role wordnet harmonica 103494278
Vegar Landro has gender male
Igor Shevchenko is affiliated to FC Zhemchuzhina-Sochi
Paul Byrne (footballer born 1986) plays for University College Dublin A.F.C.
Jim Blyth plays for Nuneaton Town F.C.
Luis Monti plays for Club Atlético Huracán
Patrick Agyemang is affiliated to Brentford F.C.
Litija is located in Municipality of Litija
Wendy Hughes was born in Melbourne
Carl Shutt plays for Bradford City A.F.C.
Frank Bailey (footballer) is affiliated to Morecambe F.C.
Chris Vinnicombe plays for Tiverton Town F.C.
Seán Lemass was born in London
Anerood Jugnauth is affiliated to Republican Party (United States)
Patrik Berger is affiliated to Czech Republic national football team
Ricardo Mannetti plays for F.C. Civics Windhoek
Queen Paola of Belgium has child Queen Paola of Belgium
Derek Tapscott is affiliated to Barry Town F.C.
Gerard Soeteman has gender male
Stephen Connolly is affiliated to Stenhousemuir F.C.
Bronisław Malinowski has gender female
Arnaud Souquet is affiliated to Royal Mouscron-Péruwelz
Kevin Wilson (footballer born 1961) has gender male
"Joan of France, Duchess of Brittany has gender female"
Ilija Katić has gender female
"Liam Henderson (footballer, born 1989) was born in Gateshead"
Lewis Grabban is affiliated to A.F.C. Bournemouth
"Hatfield, Hertfordshire is located in Welwyn Hatfield"
Reg Stockill is affiliated to Arsenal F.C.
Aung San Suu Kyi graduated from University of Oxford
Vinessa Shaw was born in Los Angeles
Brandenburg-Prussia has capital Königsberg
Billy Ocean has gender male
Martin Kotůlek is affiliated to 1. HFK Olomouc
Giacomo Modica plays for A.S.D. Licata 1931
Hjalte Nørregaard is affiliated to Denmark national under-17 football team
Komodo Airport is connected to Tambolaka Airport
Cairo International Airport is connected to Khartoum International Airport
1. FC Eschborn is located in Eschborn
New York City is located in New York metropolitan area
Capua is located in Province of Caserta
Nico Herzig has gender male
Géza Kalocsay plays for Hungary national football team
Jasur Hasanov plays for Qatar SC
Alfredo Graciani is affiliated to Boca Juniors
Marcin Pietroń is affiliated to GKS Katowice
Alan Bergman is married to Marilyn Bergman
Mario Boyé died in Avellaneda
Terry Owen plays for Colwyn Bay F.C.
Con Martin plays for Drumcondra F.C.
Marcus Bean is affiliated to Queens Park Rangers F.C.
Alfredo Padilla plays for La Equidad
Patricio Barroche is affiliated to C.S. Herediano
Borat Sagdiyev plays for Betim Esporte Clube
Keith Houchen plays for Hartlepool United F.C.
Paul Deas is affiliated to Ross County F.C.
"Sucre, Venezuela is located in Cumaná"
Municipality of Škocjan is located in Lower Carniola
Giuseppe Savoldi plays for Bologna F.C. 1909
Benetton Rugby Treviso is located in Italy
"Vang, Oppland is located in Oppland"
Graeme Murty is affiliated to Southampton F.C.
University of Mainz is located in Germersheim
"Maryborough, Queensland is located in Australia"
Darren Moss plays for Nantwich Town F.C.
"Warren, Pennsylvania is located in Warren County, Pennsylvania"
Gmina Przeworsk is located in Przeworsk County
Ernst Mach has gender female
Adil Chihi is affiliated to Morocco national football team
Soviet invasion of Manchuria happened in Mengjiang
Roman Polanski is married to Barbara Kwiatkowska-Lass
Blood on Satan's Claw is located in United States
Lalgudi Jayaraman has won prize Sangeet Natak Akademi Fellowship
Abderrazzak Jadid plays for Brescia Calcio
Shola Ameobi has gender male
Dejan Joksimović was born in Novi Sad
Cameron Jerome is affiliated to Huddersfield Town F.C.
Abdelaziz Kamara is affiliated to Mauritania national football team
Gustavo Biscayzacú has gender male
Lew Chatterley is affiliated to Grimsby Town F.C.
Dudu Aouate plays for Israel national football team
Jhon Valencia is affiliated to Juan Aurich
Vlatko Glavaš was born in Sarajevo
Puerto Princesa International Airport is connected to Mactan-Cebu International Airport
Hélder Cristóvão has gender female
Shaun Marshall plays for Stevenage F.C.
Leandro Eleutério de Souza has gender female
Karsten Neitzel plays for Dynamo Dresden
Quarentinha plays for Junior F.C.
Takayuki Suzuki plays for Kashima Antlers
Edward Metgod has gender male
Ernest Everett Just lives in France
Tristan Lahaye is affiliated to SO Romorantin
Gianluca Signorini has gender female
Marcelo Mattos is affiliated to Mirassol Futebol Clube
Scott Loach is affiliated to Nottingham Forest F.C.
Adie Smith is affiliated to Chasetown F.C.
Matthias Hamann is affiliated to TSV 1860 München
Glen Southam is affiliated to Histon F.C.
Daniel Toth was born in Vienna
Fabián Guevara is affiliated to Club Universidad de Chile
Juan Rulfo has gender male
Abderrazzak Jadid plays for A.C. Pisa 1909
Kristian Rees plays for Para Hills Knights SC
Herbert Waas is affiliated to Germany national football team
Neil Finn (footballer) plays for Romford F.C.
Samuel Okikiolu has gender female
Ibrahim Aoudou plays for Canon Yaoundé
Hennie Meijer plays for De Graafschap
Joe Devera plays for Welwyn Garden City F.C.
Rouven Sattelmaier is affiliated to FC Bayern Munich
Adrián Peralta plays for Club Social y Deportivo Tristán Suárez
Toshiro Mifune acted in Shōgun (TV miniseries)
Ihor Berezovskyi plays for FC Zirka Kirovohrad
Jessica Landström is affiliated to Sweden women's national football team
"Strom Thurmond died in Edgefield, South Carolina"
David A. Christian has gender male
Sofronis Avgousti is affiliated to Apollon Limassol
Hatthaporn Suwan is affiliated to Pattaya United F.C.
Clark Atlanta University is located in Georgia (U.S. state)
Boubacar Diarra plays for Liaoning Whowin F.C.
Košice Region is located in Slovakia
Dirk Rehbein plays for SC Fortuna Köln
Sylvain Didot is affiliated to Stade de Reims
Marcel L'Herbier was born in Paris
Elvio Banchero is affiliated to U.S. Alessandria Calcio 1912
Ethel Kennedy was born in Chicago
Onismor Bhasera plays for Plymouth Argyle F.C.
Don Hutchison is affiliated to Liverpool F.C.
Rowdy Herrington was born in New York City
Mario Garba is affiliated to Cerezo Osaka
Pablo Hernán Gómez plays for Godoy Cruz Antonio Tomba
Kristian Nushi plays for FC Prishtina
Jadson Viera is affiliated to Atlante F.C.
Lou Macari is affiliated to Celtic F.C.
Jakub Kaszuba is affiliated to Kaszubia Kościerzyna
Zhao Tao is married to Zhao Tao
Erminio Rullo is affiliated to Italy national under-21 football team
Hugo Lloris is affiliated to France national under-21 football team
San Pedro Sula is located in Honduras
Claudio García is affiliated to Argentina national football team
Ramón de la Fuente Leal plays for Athletic Bilbao
Konrad Adenauer is politician of France
Vardan Mazalov is affiliated to FC Salyut Belgorod
Derek Showers plays for Barry Town United F.C.
Wellington International Airport is connected to Rotorua International Airport
Martin Novoselac is affiliated to GNK Dinamo Zagreb
George Forrester (footballer born 1927) is affiliated to Oxford United F.C.
Eliran Atar is affiliated to Israel national under-19 football team
Gordon Wallace (footballer born 1943) plays for Seattle Sounders (1974–83)
Gabriel Caballero plays for Club Atlas
Joris Mathijsen plays for Willem II (football club)
William Araujo is affiliated to Manta Fútbol Club
Geoff Butler is affiliated to Baltimore Comets
Cătălin Necula plays for FC Progresul București
Cesáreo Victorino plays for Puebla F.C.
Kurt Schmücker is affiliated to Christian Democratic Union of Germany
Donald Kagan has gender male
Enrique Fernández Viola has gender male
Klebér Saarenpää is affiliated to IK Sirius
Nathan Aké is affiliated to Netherlands national under-17 football team
Choi Soon-ho is affiliated to FC Seoul
Norman Panama was born in Los Angeles
Jordan Opoku is affiliated to Royal Antwerp F.C.
Mark Birighitti is affiliated to Australia national under-17 association football team
Jorge Trezeguet has gender male
Edwin H. Land has won prize IRI Medal
Romano Perticone plays for Modena F.C.
Ozan İpek plays for Bursaspor
George Hannah (footballer born 1928) has gender female
Marco Sau plays for Foggia Calcio
Barel Mouko is affiliated to Dijon FCO
Alex Stepney is affiliated to Tooting & Mitcham United F.C.
Sébastien Roth plays for FC Schaffhausen
Joe Walton (footballer born 1925) plays for Accrington Stanley F.C. (1891)
Víctor Ramón Ferreira is affiliated to Godoy Cruz Antonio Tomba
Wim Koevermans has gender male
Roy John plays for Wales national football team
Paul Urlovic was born in Auckland
László Sólyom is affiliated to Independent (politician)
Kasper Bøgelund plays for Denmark national under-21 football team
Dimitris Zouliotis plays for Ethnikos Asteras F.C.
César Martín plays for Real Oviedo Vetusta
Marcelo dos Santos Marinho plays for Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense
Danny Spiller is affiliated to Longford Town F.C.
Jasur Hasanov is affiliated to Mash’al Mubarek
Jaka Štromajer plays for Slovenia national under-21 football team
Bálint Bajner is affiliated to A.S.D. Sulmona Calcio 1921
Harald Kohr plays for Grasshopper Club Zürich
Nuri Şahin plays for Feyenoord
Tim Wiese plays for SV Werder Bremen
Hugo Rodrigues Imbelloni has gender female
Nelson Acosta plays for Lota Schwager
Gheorghe Butoiu is affiliated to FC Progresul București
Gmina Boguchwała is located in Podkarpackie Voivodeship
Philip Abelson has gender male
Juan Carlos Trebucq plays for Club de Gimnasia y Esgrima La Plata
Étienne Capoue is affiliated to France national under-21 football team
Aaron Hughes plays for Fulham F.C.
Lajos Sătmăreanu plays for CA Oradea
"Nicolas Platter is affiliated to University of California, Davis"
Valeska Menezes plays for Brazil women's national volleyball team
Riley O'Neill is affiliated to Eintracht Braunschweig
Andrés Ibáñez Province is located in Bolivia
Martin Lipčák plays for MFK Košice
Cristian Gonzáles has gender male
"Brian Wilson (footballer, born 1983) is affiliated to Cheltenham Town F.C."
Flavien Belson plays for Milton Keynes Dons F.C.
Princess Augusta of Great Britain plays for Omagh Town F.C.
Nicollette Sheridan has gender female
Graham Stuart (footballer) plays for Everton F.C.
Yuto Nagatomo plays for Inter Milan
Gerd Dais is affiliated to Stuttgarter Kickers
"Lynchburg, Virginia is located in Virginia"
António André plays for Rio Ave F.C.
Gianluca Signorini has gender male
Municipality of Rogatec is located in Styria (Slovenia)
Željko Kalajdžić is affiliated to Platanias F.C.
Giacomo Modica plays for U.S. Città di Palermo
Oleh Mazurenko is affiliated to FC Volyn Lutsk
Luciano Velardi is affiliated to SSVg Velbert
Dean Morgan has gender female
Paul Kohler is affiliated to Sydney Olympic FC
Mamadou Seck (footballer) is affiliated to AC Ajaccio
Graham Weir is affiliated to Brechin City F.C.
Luís Loureiro plays for Portugal national football team
Nikolaos Vlasopoulos plays for Thyella Patras F.C.
Końskie County is located in Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship
Rafael Martins plays for Grêmio Osasco Audax Esporte Clube
Luis Fernando Tena is affiliated to C.F. Atlante
Brad Maloney has gender male
"Mark Hudson (footballer, born 1982) plays for Charlton Athletic F.C."
Floyd Streete plays for Reading F.C.
Ágnes Farkas plays for Hungary women's national handball team
Willie Huck plays for Sporting Toulon Var
Peter Woodring has gender male
Jack Byers plays for Huddersfield Town F.C.
Heinz-Josef Koitka is affiliated to Rot-Weiß Lüdenscheid
Tijani Babangida plays for Niger Tornadoes F.C.
Marko Jesic is affiliated to FFA Centre of Excellence
Jovan Golić is affiliated to FK Inđija
Michael Manniche is affiliated to Boldklubben 1903
Mark Kinsella plays for Republic of Ireland national football B team
Tadatoshi Masuda has gender female
David White (English footballer) is affiliated to England national football B team
Rubén Matamoros plays for Club Deportivo Necaxa
Breno Borges is affiliated to São Paulo FC
Rodrigo Defendi plays for Esporte Clube Vitória
François Hollande graduated from École nationale d'administration
Alan Ayckbourn has gender male
Karim Saidi is affiliated to U.S. Lecce
Maodomalick Faye plays for SO Chambéry Foot
Slađan Đukić is affiliated to OFK Kikinda
Matt Clarke (footballer born 1973) has gender male
Brandenburg-Prussia has capital Kaliningrad
Guglielmo Marconi died in Rome
Pier Angeli is married to Armando Trovajoli
David Fury has gender female
Calum Davenport is affiliated to West Ham United F.C.
Winged Migration is located in Switzerland
Jaroslav Pollák is affiliated to Czechoslovakia national football team
George Kirby (footballer) has gender male
Giuseppe Sculli plays for A.C. Chievo Verona
Tomer Haliva is affiliated to Hapoel Bnei Lod F.C.
Artur Voskanyan plays for FC Ararat Yerevan
The Bourne Identity (1988 film) is located in United Kingdom
Boubacar Diarra plays for AS Real Bamako
Andreas Fischer (footballer) plays for FC Remscheid
Aaron Skelton has gender male
Federico Vilar plays for C.F. Atlante
Clarence Ellis (computer scientist) works at Stanford University
Juan Carlos Falcón plays for Defensa y Justicia
Ally Dawson is affiliated to Limerick F.C.
James Chambers (Irish footballer) plays for Solihull Moors F.C.
Leao Butrón is affiliated to FBC Melgar
Karsten Neitzel plays for Hallescher FC
Shayne Bradley plays for Exeter City F.C.
Federico Lussenhoff plays for Talleres de Córdoba
George Parris plays for St. Leonards F.C.
The Bourne Identity (1988 film) is located in United States
Onismor Bhasera plays for Zimbabwe national football team
"Ricardo (footballer, born 1971) is affiliated to Manchester United F.C."
Papua Region is located in Port Moresby
Goran Lazarevski is affiliated to FK Pobeda
Martin Canning is affiliated to Ross County F.C.
Gerardo Galindo plays for Club Universidad Nacional
Lee Wilkie is affiliated to Falkirk F.C.
"Gaston Monnerville is affiliated to de/Parti républicain, radical et radical-socialiste"
Wendy Hughes was born in Sydney
Freudenstadt is located in Freudenstadt (district)
Bassim Abbas plays for Al-Arabi SC (Qatar)
Travis Dodd plays for Adelaide City FC
Alfredo Di Stéfano plays for Real Madrid C.F.
Gary Bell (footballer) plays for Cardiff City F.C.
"Norman Foster Ramsey, Jr. was born in Washington, D.C."
Joe Murphy (footballer born 1981) is affiliated to Republic of Ireland national football team
Alan Rothenberg was born in Detroit
Oliver Pusztai plays for SK Austria Kärnten
Viju Shah has won prize Grammy Award
Daniel Rednic plays for FC Universitatea Craiova
"Ricardo (footballer, born 1971) is affiliated to Real Ávila CF"
Manqoba Ngwenya plays for Mpumalanga Black Aces F.C.
La Grande Illusion is located in United States
Jackie Chalmers plays for Rutherglen Glencairn F.C.
"Woodstock, Connecticut is located in United States"
Mohd Sabre Mat Abu is affiliated to Malaysian President's Cup
Daniele Corvia is affiliated to U.S. Lecce
Derek Young plays for Aberdeen F.C.
Herbert Burgess is affiliated to Manchester United F.C.
René Schneider (footballer) has gender male
Justus Christian Loder works at Martin Luther University of Halle-Wittenberg
Sanjay Gandhi is politician of India
Gustavo Cabral has gender female
Kim Byung-ji plays for Gyeongnam FC
Aka Adek Mba has gender female
Paweł Kryszałowicz is affiliated to Amica Wronki
Peter Woodring has gender female
Renny Vega was born in Maracay
"Steve Thompson (footballer, born 1963) has gender female"
Juan Carlos Trebucq plays for Club Atlético River Plate
Ahmed Al-Swaileh is affiliated to Hajer Club
William Feller has won prize National Medal of Science
Mahmoud Abd El-Aty is affiliated to Petrojet FC
Artur Moraes plays for Cruzeiro Esporte Clube
Nicolas Timmermans is affiliated to R.A.E.C. Mons
Héctor Cúper plays for Independiente Rivadavia
Cliff Britton is affiliated to Everton F.C.
Gheorghe Butoiu is affiliated to Sporting Câmpulung
Chris Dagnall is affiliated to Bradford City A.F.C.
Sandro da Silva Mendonça is affiliated to Avaí Futebol Clube
Wojciech Szczęsny plays for Poland national under-21 football team
The 3DO Company is located in California
Boris Batanov has gender male
Zoran Mijanović plays for FK Sloboda Užice
Clyde Wijnhard plays for RKC Waalwijk
Jennifer Coolidge has gender female
Illuka is located in Ida-Viru County
Alex Menzies plays for Alloa Athletic F.C.
Aziz Ansah is affiliated to Great Olympics
"Sun City West, Arizona is located in Arizona"
Miralem Pjanić is affiliated to Luxembourg national football team
Mare Winningham has gender male
"Sainte-Marie, Réunion is located in France"
Roman Eremenko plays for FC Dynamo Kyiv
Axel Sundermann plays for SC Freiburg
Joyce Kilmer graduated from Rutgers University
Rade Đokić is affiliated to 1. FC Vöcklabruck
Dražen Ladić has gender male
Paul Dessau was born in Berlin
Tiago Campagnaro plays for Ceará Sporting Club
Stefan Spirovski plays for FK Rabotnički
Charles Perrault has gender male
Dale Tonge is affiliated to Barnsley F.C.
Jim Kerray is affiliated to Falkirk F.C.
Ilian Garov is affiliated to FC Spartak Plovdiv
Sebastião Miranda da Silva Filho plays for Tigres UANL
"Division No. 3, Alberta is located in Alberta"
Rade Paprica is affiliated to FK Sutjeska Foča
Bledi Shkëmbi was born in Durrës
Henri Dumat is affiliated to Football Club Libourne
Khawaja Nazimuddin died in Dhaka
Brian O'Donnell is affiliated to Torquay United F.C.
Torgeir Bjarmann is affiliated to Norway national under-21 football team
Stefano Desideri plays for A.S. Livorno Calcio
Brad Evans plays for Orange County Blue Star
Akira Kurosawa directed The Hidden Fortress
Caetano Silva has gender male
Alan Ayckbourn has gender female
Scott Golbourne plays for Bristol City F.C.
Alberto Toril plays for Racing de Ferrol
Elihu Thomson graduated from Harvard University
Manuel Hartmann plays for SGV Freiberg
Adrian Falub is affiliated to FC Universitatea Cluj
Nikolaj Hansen was born in Copenhagen
Przasnysz is located in Gmina Przasnysz
Seán Lemass was born in Dublin
Garry Wood was born in Aberdeen
Patryk Małecki plays for Poland national under-18 football team
Cafercan Aksu has gender female
Tuni (footballer) is affiliated to R.C.D. Mallorca
David Marshall (footballer) plays for Celtic F.C.
Vardan Mazalov plays for FC Salyut Belgorod
Mikheil Khutsishvili plays for FC Dinamo Tbilisi
Kevin Sloan plays for Dayton Dynamo
Omar Pouso is affiliated to Club Libertad
Carsten Ramelow plays for Hertha Zehlendorf
Yassine Benzia is affiliated to France national under-17 football team
Peter Weir (footballer) plays for Ayr United F.C.
Borja Sánchez Luque plays for Burgos CF
Branislav Labant plays for MŠK Žilina
Marios Agathokleous plays for Cyprus national football team
André Rey (footballer) plays for OGC Nice
Shervin Radjabali-Fardi plays for Lichterfelder FC
Jim Blyth plays for Scotland national football team
Mike Jones (footballer) is affiliated to Tranmere Rovers F.C.
Boy Deul plays for FC Volendam
Lucian Ilie plays for FC Wageningen
Diktmar Hernández is affiliated to C.D. Victoria
Mathias Unkuri is affiliated to Hobro IK
John Davidson (actor) was born in Los Angeles
Robert Eagle (footballer) is affiliated to Inverness Caledonian Thistle F.C.
Ronald Waterreus is affiliated to PSV Eindhoven
Hwang Sun-hong plays for Konkuk University
Otto Harder plays for SC Victoria Hamburg
Gerry McCabe is affiliated to Dumbarton F.C.
Eyjólfur Sverrisson plays for UMF Tindastóll
Danijel Subašić plays for NK Zadar
James Taylor has musical role wordnet harmonica 103494278
Márton Oross plays for Kecskeméti TE
Ásgeir Sigurvinsson plays for FC Bayern Munich
Rodrigo Candido Andrade plays for Rio Branco Sport Club
Andriy Budnyi plays for FC Obolon-2 Kyiv
Mvondo Atangana has gender male
Édson Andrade Almeida is affiliated to Treze Futebol Clube
John Taylor (goalkeeper) plays for Pwllheli F.C.
Bernard Fox (actor) has gender female
Ymer Xhaferi plays for AC Oulu
South Queensferry is located in EH postcode area
Leonid Tkachenko (footballer) is affiliated to FC Baltika Kaliningrad
Óscar Trejo plays for Elche CF
David Marshall (footballer) plays for Scotland national football B team
İlkem Özkaynak plays for MKE Ankaragücü
Balázs Borbély plays for FC Politehnica Timișoara
Ladislav Volešák plays for SK Slavia Prague
Tony Folan is affiliated to Bohemian F.C.
"Earl Wilbur Sutherland, Jr. has won prize Albert Lasker Award for Basic Medical Research"
Marios Agathokleous plays for Anorthosis Famagusta FC
Daryn Tufts has gender male
Katharine Hepburn has won prize Volpi Cup
Andrew Durante plays for Parramatta Power SC
Carlos Bejarano plays for FK AS Trenčín
Gilberto Rincón Gallardo died in Mexico City
"Ub, Serbia is located in Kolubara District"
James Troisi is affiliated to Australia national under-23 association football team
Ernie Brandts plays for MVV Maastricht
Bram Verbist plays for AFC Ajax
László Sepsi plays for Romania national football team
Kim Madsen is affiliated to Kjøbenhavns Boldklub
Kay Johnson has gender female
Kristian Rees plays for Adelaide City FC
The Wash (film) is located in United States
Satyendra Nath Bose has won prize Padma Vibhushan
Slavko Ištvanić is affiliated to Croatia national football team
Nuno Carvalho is affiliated to CF Balaguer
Damien McCrory plays for Republic of Ireland national under-19 football team
Derek Showers plays for Dorchester Town F.C.
Alberto Blanco plays for San Francisco F.C.
Allan Oviedo is affiliated to C.S. Herediano
Don Revie is affiliated to Hull City A.F.C.
Pierre-Louis Lions is citizen of France
Carolyn Bennett graduated from University of Oxford
Ivica Vrdoljak is affiliated to FK Vojvodina
Neo-Assyrian Empire is located in Middle East
Raymond Domenech plays for Olympique Lyonnais
Rodrigo Candido Andrade plays for Paraná Clube
Florian Dan Lăcustă is affiliated to FC Argeș Pitești
David Pratt (footballer) plays for Bradford City A.F.C.
Giorgio Gorgone plays for Atletico Roma F.C.
Philip Slone plays for Hakoah All-Stars
Sławomir Wojciechowski was born in Gdańsk
Rubén Matamoros plays for Club Deportivo Olimpia
Vilson Džoni was born in Gelsenkirchen
Sebastián Hernández has gender female
Waldemar Piątek is affiliated to Wisłoka Dębica
Eamonn Rogers is affiliated to Blackburn Rovers F.C.
Ivan Kral has musical role wordnet vocal music 107282006
Linvoy Primus is affiliated to Charlton Athletic F.C.
Paul Young (footballer) is affiliated to Columbus Crew
Davide Succi is affiliated to Bologna F.C. 1909
Almir Turković was born in Sarajevo
Abdou Jammeh is affiliated to ES Zarzis
"Gary Stevens (footballer, born 1954) plays for Evesham United F.C."
Ilie Bărbulescu plays for FC Olt Scorniceşti
Mario Perazzolo is affiliated to Brescia Calcio
Jamie Stevenson (footballer) plays for Alloa Athletic F.C.
Scott Chaplain plays for Albion Rovers F.C.
Cho Young-cheol is affiliated to South Korea national under-23 football team
John Harkes plays for Virginia Cavaliers men's soccer
Ivo den Bieman is affiliated to Montrose F.C.
Maria II of Portugal is married to Fernando II of Portugal
Vernon L. Smith has won prize Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences
Pablo Hernán Gómez plays for Argentinos Juniors
Pasquale Berardi plays for A.S. Bari
"Yonkers, New York is located in Westchester County, New York"
Craig Clevenger is citizen of United States
Tim Bray lives in British Columbia
Martin Švejnoha plays for FC Zbrojovka Brno
Garðar Gunnlaugsson has gender female
Jonas Okétola is affiliated to AS Dragons FC de l'Ouémé
Ian Moir (footballer) plays for Oswestry Town F.C.
Jimmy Nielsen is affiliated to AaB Fodbold
Illuka is located in Estonia
Ennio Flaiano is citizen of United States
Ronald Maul is affiliated to VfL Osnabrück
Vangelis Mantzios plays for Panathinaikos F.C.
Marcos Rogério Oliveira Duarte is affiliated to Esporte Clube Cruzeiro
Quique Álvarez is affiliated to UE Lleida
Kreso Kovacec is affiliated to ASV Bergedorf 85
Manas International Airport is connected to Yemelyanovo International Airport
Paul Verhoeven directed Spetters
Frédéric Laurent plays for Stade Lavallois
Martin Nash (soccer) is affiliated to Edmonton Drillers (1996–2000)
Johnny Jaap has gender female
Maya Moore is affiliated to Minnesota Lynx
Papua Region is located in Papua New Guinea
Waiting for the Messiah is located in Italy
Tommy Steel has gender female
Anton Grigoryev plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar
Obadiah Tarumbwa is affiliated to Highlanders F.C.
John Galliquio has gender male
Mohamed Kaboré is affiliated to RC Bobo Dioulasso
Christoph Teinert plays for SV Wacker Burghausen
Dale Gray is affiliated to Cowdenbeath F.C.
Martin Hess is affiliated to Sportfreunde Lotte
Martin Vozábal plays for FC Fastav Zlín
Gareth Cronin plays for Shamrock Rovers F.C.
Eddie Malone plays for Ayr United F.C.
Todor Stoev plays for PFC Levski Sofia
Nwankwo Kanu plays for Nigeria national football team
Daan Vaesen is affiliated to K.S.K. Tongeren
Ty Gooden plays for Canvey Island F.C.
Héctor Zelada plays for C.F. Atlante
Liam Dolman plays for Daventry Town F.C.
Simon Yam was born in London
Ricky Schramm plays for Westchester Flames
Mauricio Hanuch is affiliated to Club Atlético Nueva Chicago
John Galliquio has gender female
Sainey Nyassi plays for Gambia national football team
Buba Yohanna is affiliated to G.D. Estoril Praia
Osvaldo Díaz plays for Independiente F.B.C.
Rafael Marques Pinto is affiliated to Brasiliense Futebol Clube
Florian Philippot is married to Marie-Christine Arnautu
Jackie Jameson is affiliated to League of Ireland XI
Archduke Karl Salvator of Austria died in Florence
Anvarjon Soliev was born in Tashkent
Sintra is located in Lisbon District
Gordon Watson is affiliated to Hartlepool United F.C.
Udham Singh Nagar district is located in Uttarakhand
George Koumantarakis is affiliated to Manning Rangers F.C.
Manu Trigueros plays for Villarreal CF B
Viktor Sofroniev is affiliated to PFC Rodopa Smolyan
Nico Van Kerckhoven plays for K.V.C. Westerlo
Ruslan Zeynalov plays for FC Naftovyk-Ukrnafta Okhtyrka
Neil Etheridge is affiliated to Charlton Athletic F.C.
Horta Oest is located in Valencian Community
James Stott is affiliated to South Bank F.C.
Frank Jonke plays for York Region Shooters
Marco Gómez plays for Club de Futbol Ballenas Galeana Morelos
Anđelko Đuričić is affiliated to FK Dinamo Pančevo
Karen Uhlenbeck has gender male
Kevin Dillon (footballer) is affiliated to Fareham Town F.C.
Noel Bradley is affiliated to Colwyn Bay F.C.
Wayne Purser plays for Hornchurch F.C.
Camden (New Jersey) is located in Camden County (New Jersey)
Milan Timko plays for Adanaspor
Pascal Grünwald plays for F.C. Wacker Innsbruck
Swapan Chattopadhyay lives in United States
Winged Migration is located in France
Harry Arter plays for Woking F.C.
Michael I of Romania has gender male
Dino Fava plays for Unione Triestina 2012 S.S.D.
Marcus Haber plays for Canada men's national under-20 soccer team
Park Choong-kyun plays for Busan IPark
Nakor Bueno plays for UE Sant Andreu
Dean Brill is affiliated to Gillingham F.C.
Gilles De Bilde plays for SC Eendracht Aalst
John Gregory (footballer) is affiliated to Queens Park Rangers F.C.
Alessandro Nunes is affiliated to América Futebol Clube (MG)
Necat Aygün plays for FC Wacker München
Lewis Grabban is affiliated to Millwall F.C.
Glen De Boeck plays for K. Boom F.C.
Joaquín Larrivey plays for Club Atlético Vélez Sarsfield
Rock County is located in Rock County
Martin Hess is affiliated to Eintracht Frankfurt II
Giandomenico Mesto is affiliated to Italy national under-20 football team
Høylandet is located in Nord-Trøndelag
Dennis Hillebrand is affiliated to TSF Ditzingen
Juan Carlos de la Barrera plays for Mexico national under-20 football team
Ernesto Ochoa plays for C.D. Atlético Chaparratique
Paweł Olkowski plays for GKS Katowice
Antti Heinola was born in London
Les Thompson (footballer born 1988) plays for Concord Rangers F.C.
Timika Airport is connected to Sentani Airport
Darren Tinson is affiliated to Nantwich Town F.C.
Syarhey Shtanyuk has gender male
Patrice Rio plays for Stade Rennais F.C.
Pablo Sarabia is affiliated to Spain national under-17 football team
Aleksandar Kotuljac is affiliated to Eintracht Nordhorn
"Burlington, Wisconsin is located in United States"
Minoru Suganuma is affiliated to Ehime FC
John Milnor graduated from Harvard University
Don Collins is affiliated to Continental Basketball Association
Prvoslav Mihajlović is affiliated to FK Obilić
Rambouillet is located in Île-de-France
"Philippa of Hainault has child Edmund of Langley, 1st Duke of York"
Ringo Cantillo is affiliated to Jacksonville Tea Men
Niclas Jensen plays for Denmark national under-21 football team
Łukasz Fabiański is affiliated to de/Legia Warschau
Michael Zullo plays for FC Utrecht
Milan Timko plays for 1. FC Tatran Prešov
Veselin Vachev is affiliated to PFC Kaliakra Kavarna
Jörg Schmidt (footballer) is affiliated to VfB Fortuna Chemnitz
Grégory Carmona was born in Montpellier
Vitalie Bordian has gender female
Guido Westerwelle graduated from University of Göttingen
David Rangel Pastor plays for Valencia CF Mestalla
Craig Shakespeare plays for Grimsby Town F.C.
John Lasseter graduated from Pepperdine University
Miodrag Stošić is affiliated to FK Loznica
Amer Jukan plays for NK Mura
Thomas Vogel (footballer born 1967) plays for TSV Havelse
John Tate has won prize Cole Prize
Stanislav Griga plays for AC Sparta Prague
Jacob Cats plays for Real Betis B
Neil Kilkenny plays for Leeds United A.F.C.
Carl Asaba is affiliated to Millwall F.C.
Rubén Garabaya is affiliated to FC Barcelona Handbol
Marko Bajić plays for FK Modriča
Santiago Ladino is affiliated to Club Atlético Vélez Sarsfield
Tommy Cavanagh is affiliated to Huddersfield Town F.C.
Charles Hermite works at Sorbonne (building)
Dariusz Wosz has gender male
Allyson Araújo Santos is affiliated to Sobradinho Esporte Clube
Steffen Iversen plays for Crystal Palace F.C.
Avdija Vršajević plays for AC Sparta Prague
Gmina Boguchwała is located in Rzeszów County
Roland Schwegler has gender female
Massadio Haïdara plays for FC Versailles
Boris González plays for Colo-Colo
Robert Done is affiliated to Liverpool F.C.
"Corydon, Indiana is located in Harrison County, Indiana"
Craig Lindfield plays for Kidderminster Harriers F.C.
Breno Borges is affiliated to Brazil national under-23 football team
Dimitris Zouliotis plays for Aiolikos F.C.
Cristian Oros is affiliated to FC Brașov
Menno Willems is affiliated to A.F.C. Ajax
Eastern Uusimaa is located in Finland
Steve Nicol is affiliated to Boston Bulldogs (soccer)
Owen Hargreaves has gender female
Jasur Hasanov plays for Sogdiana Jizzakh
Santiago Ladino is affiliated to A.S. Bari
Shahrulnizam Mustapa is affiliated to Malaysia national football team
Yui (singer) has musical role wordnet electric guitar 103272010
Ben Dragavon plays for Seattle Sounders FC U-23
Danny Green (basketball) is affiliated to Reno Bighorns
Dennis DeYoung has gender female
David White (English footballer) is affiliated to Leeds United A.F.C.
Prince Valdemar of Denmark has gender female
Saitō Makoto is affiliated to Independent (politician)
Dave Langan plays for Cherry Orchard F.C.
Steve Pinau plays for Vendée Poiré-sur-Vie Football
Stephen Armstrong is affiliated to Michigan Bucks
Bob Kerrey was born in New York City
Amer Shafi plays for Al-Yarmouk FC
Burhanettin Kaymak plays for Galatasaray S.K. (football)
Chris Clarke (footballer) is affiliated to Guiseley A.F.C.
Joe Devera plays for Swindon Town F.C.
Michael Andrews (musician) has musical role wordnet marimba 103721384
Colin McMenamin is affiliated to Gretna F.C.
Graham Weir is affiliated to Queen of the South F.C.
David Mazzoncini has gender female
Hideaki Ozawa is affiliated to Sportivo Luqueño
Pat Clarke plays for Clyde F.C.
Cracow University of Economics is located in Poland
Fabrice Divert plays for Stade Malherbe Caen
Emin Imamaliev plays for Baku FC
Ludwin Van Nieuwenhuyze plays for K.F.C. Vigor Wuitens Hamme
Richard Wright (footballer) is affiliated to England national under-21 football team
Tom Jordan (footballer) plays for Southend United F.C.
Éric Deloumeaux is affiliated to Livingston F.C.
"Bryn Mawr, Pennsylvania is located in United States"
Jean-François Domergue is affiliated to S.M. Caen
Sokołów Podlaski is located in Gmina Sokołów Podlaski
Edward B. Lewis is citizen of United Kingdom
Emmanuel Eboué is affiliated to Académie de Sol Beni
Javier Delgado plays for Central Español
Bryn Halliwell is affiliated to Sauchie F.C.
"Santa Clara, California is located in San Francisco Bay Area"
Robert Fleck is affiliated to Norwich City F.C.
Kenneth Storvik is affiliated to Åsane Fotball
Dennis Sullivan has won prize Wolf Prize
Massimo Moia plays for C.S. Visé
Luciano Fabián Monzón plays for Fluminense FC
Anton Shynder plays for FC Shakhtar-3 Donetsk
"Kevin Dawson (footballer, born 1981) plays for Stocksbridge Park Steels F.C."
Liene Jansone has gender male
Dougie Cameron was born in Kirkcaldy
Fulda is located in Germany
Angelo Gregucci plays for U.S. Alessandria Calcio 1912
Denys Boyko plays for FC Dynamo-3 Kyiv
Romanus Orjinta has gender male
Matt Tees plays for Boston United F.C.
"John Lambton, 1st Earl of Durham has won prize Order of Alexander Nevsky"
Jon Richardson (footballer) is affiliated to Forest Green Rovers F.C.
Giani Kiriţă was born in Bucharest
Fred Hopkin is affiliated to Darlington F.C.
Kim Nam-il plays for South Korea national football team
Kenan Özer plays for Karşıyaka S.K.
Antonis Manikas is affiliated to Ethnikos Piraeus F.C.
Bartłomiej Pawłowski is affiliated to Jarota Jarocin
Marcelo Costa plays for Joinville Esporte Clube
Richard Hall (footballer) is affiliated to Colchester United F.C.
Stéphane Mahé is affiliated to Paris Saint-Germain F.C.
Sandviken is located in Gästrikland
Stonehaven is located in Scotland
Bert Lipsham is affiliated to Sheffield United F.C.
René van der Gijp is affiliated to Sparta Rotterdam
Neil Brisco plays for Manchester City F.C.
Arturo Albarrán plays for Lagartos de Tabasco
László Bálint is affiliated to Toulouse F.C.
Gabriel Santos plays for Hapoel Tel Aviv F.C.
Julen Guerrero plays for Athletic Bilbao B
Emanuele Filippini is affiliated to Brescia Calcio
Joseph Yobo is affiliated to Nigeria national football team
Marc Bergevin was born in Chicago
Linvoy Primus is affiliated to Charlton Athletic F.C. Academy
Luke Howell plays for Welling United F.C.
"Roswell, Georgia is located in United States"
Wolfgang Trapp plays for Eintracht Frankfurt
Juan Manuel Cavallo plays for Sportivo Desamparados
Paul Verhoeven directed Soldier of Orange
Predrag Ristović plays for FK Loznica
Kakhaber Gogichaishvili plays for FC Shevardeni-1906 Tbilisi
Manuel Fernández Muñiz has gender female
Owen Madden (footballer) plays for Cork F.C.
Alexander Klitzpera plays for Bayern Munich Junior Team
Custódio Castro plays for S.C. Braga
Kim Byung-ji plays for Jeonnam Dragons
Fabrício Silva Dornellas is affiliated to CR Vasco da Gama
You Were Never Lovelier is located in United States
Cathal Muckian has gender male
Wojciech Szczęsny plays for Legia Warsaw
Falkirk (council area) is located in Falkirk
Graham Coldrick plays for Merthyr Tydfil F.C.
Owen Hargreaves has gender male
Oscar Roberto Cornejo plays for Club de Gimnasia y Esgrima La Plata
Jimmy Murray (footballer born 1933) is affiliated to Falkirk F.C.
Artur Voskanyan plays for FC Spartak Yerevan
Džemal Berberović plays for Denizlispor
Tom Parratt has gender male
Rafał Niżnik plays for Igloopol Dębica
Stephen Jordan plays for Fleetwood Town F.C.
Ceri Hughes is affiliated to Portsmouth F.C.
Chris Cleary plays for Boston College
Ozan İpek plays for Batman Petrolspor
Jeffrey Sarpong plays for AFC Ajax
Chaplin (film) is located in France
Georgios Galitsios is affiliated to Greece national under-17 football team
Vito Falconieri has gender male
Marco Kurth has gender female
Laura La Plante is married to Laura La Plante
Elvis Scott plays for Pumas UNAH
Michalis Klokidis is affiliated to Makedonikos F.C.
Simon Neil has musical role wordnet sitar 104224842
Richard Hall (footballer) is affiliated to Ipswich Town F.C.
Alan Barnett (footballer) plays for Portsmouth F.C.
Goran Đorović is affiliated to FC Prishtina
George Florescu was born in Cluj-Napoca
Alex Menzies plays for St. Johnstone F.C.
John Danielsen is affiliated to Boldklubben 1909
Mário Silva (footballer) is affiliated to Cádiz CF
Aïmen Demai plays for 1. FC Kaiserslautern
Ryuichi Hirashige plays for Thespakusatsu Gunma
Brandenburg-Prussia participated in Deluge (history)
Wilf Rostron is affiliated to Brentford F.C.
Jamshid Mashayekhi was born in Tehran
Mark Bell (ice hockey) is affiliated to Syracuse Crunch
"Christchurch, Dorset is located in Dorset"
Nir Biton plays for Israel national under-18 football team
Ron Sexsmith has musical role wordnet piano 103928116
Salah Bakour is affiliated to Stade Malherbe Caen
Restoration (1995 film) is located in United Kingdom
Ted Burgin plays for Glossop North End A.F.C.
"Jacques Rivette created Up, Down, Fragile"
Wim De Decker plays for Beerschot AC
Leon Kantelberg is affiliated to VVV-Venlo
Ibrahim Kante plays for Milwaukee Wave United
Stryn is located in Sogn og Fjordane
Jordy Buijs is affiliated to NAC Breda
Barry Ashby plays for Welling United F.C.
José Broissart plays for SC Bastia
Western Transdanubia has capital Győr
Klaus Wunder has gender female
Joseph Yobo is affiliated to C.D. Tenerife
Shaun Maloney plays for Scotland national football B team
Irene of Montferrat has gender male
Mark Antony is married to Fulvia
Bernabé Ballester is affiliated to CF Gandía
Li Tie was born in Shenyang
Dragoljub Brnović is affiliated to FK Crvena Stijena
Julen Guerrero plays for Spain national under-17 football team
Michael Hurst has gender female
"Frederick I of Sweden has child William VIII, Landgrave of Hesse-Kassel"
Adnan Güngör is affiliated to Karşıyaka S.K.
Paavo Lipponen has gender female
Oleksandr Baranov plays for FC Spartak Moscow
Seyi Olofinjana plays for Kwara United F.C.
Carlos Alberto de Oliveira Júnior plays for Guarani Esporte Clube (MG)
Marco Sau has gender female
John Deans plays for Carlisle United F.C.
Keith Foy is affiliated to St Patrick's Athletic F.C.
Brigitte Lin has gender male
Gabriel Silva (footballer) is affiliated to Novara Calcio
Liam Chilvers is affiliated to Colchester United F.C.
Yekaterina Gamova is affiliated to VC Uralochka-NTMK Yekaterinburg
Bryan Berard is affiliated to New York Rangers
Graham Stuart (footballer) plays for Norwich City F.C.
Ricki Herbert plays for New Zealand national football team
Martine Carol has gender female
Matthew Berkeley is affiliated to Mossley A.F.C.
Keith Moffatt graduated from University of Cambridge
Goran Lozanovski is affiliated to Collingwood Warriors S.C.
Marcos Gelabert plays for Neuchâtel Xamax
Glasnevin is located in County Dublin
Stefan Schmidt plays for Silkeborg IF
Jairon Zamora plays for Club Sport Emelec
Simon Davey is affiliated to Carlisle United F.C.
Tim Hanley plays for Foothill College
Steven McGarry has gender male
Leighton Phillips plays for Cardiff City F.C.
Charles de Broqueville is politician of Belgium
Novi Marojević plays for Chicago Storm
Davit Kvirkvelia has gender female
Lower Carniola is located in Lower Carniola
Andy Griffin plays for Chester F.C.
Viktor Sofroniev is affiliated to PFC Belasitsa Petrich
Svetoslav Petrov (footballer born 1978) has gender male
Paul Deas is affiliated to Brechin City F.C.
Rashid Al-Dosari is affiliated to Al-Khor Sports Club
Barry Ashby plays for Gillingham F.C.
Ian Arkwright is affiliated to Finn Harps F.C.
John Tarkpor Sonkaliey is affiliated to Persitara North Jakarta
Silviu Bălace plays for FC Vaslui
Willie Stewart is affiliated to Millwall F.C.
Ľubomír Meszároš plays for Elazığspor
Samer Saeed is affiliated to Iraq national football team
Mirlan Murzaev plays for Kyrgyzstan national football team
Rajkumar Hirani has gender female
Thulasizwe Mbuyane is affiliated to Free State Stars F.C.
Eddie Kelly (footballer) is affiliated to Kettering Town F.C.
Andreas Fischer (footballer) plays for Rot-Weiss Essen
Leon W. Johnson has gender female
Robert Ng'ambi plays for Malawi national football team
Yuri Zhevnov is affiliated to FC RShVSM-Olympia Minsk
Jefferson Lucas Azevedo dos Santos plays for Junior Team Futebol
John Harsanyi is citizen of Australia
Pedro Queirós is affiliated to U.D. Oliveirense
"Boonville, Indiana is located in Warrick County, Indiana"
E. L. Doctorow has won prize Edgar Award
Yassine Benzia is affiliated to France national under-19 football team
Wojciech Kowalewski is affiliated to Wigry Suwałki
"Oracle Corporation is located in Redwood Shores, California"
Miguel Ángel Angulo is affiliated to Valencia CF
Yılmaz Vural has gender male
Stephen Crainey is affiliated to Scotland national football team
Nigel Worthington plays for Northern Ireland national football team
Carlo Festuccia plays for Crociati Parma Rugby FC
Ahn Jung-hwan has gender male
Demba Ba plays for Newcastle United F.C.
Cédric Tsimba is affiliated to Switzerland national under-21 football team
Dariusz Dziekanowski plays for Poland national football team
Dermot Mulroney has gender male
Gustavo Ruiz Díaz is affiliated to Club Comunicaciones
Radomsko is located in Gmina Radomsko
Khmer Republic participated in Operation Menu
Washington Luiz Mascarenhas Silva is affiliated to Esporte Clube Vitória
Battle of Bicocca is located in Italy
Ernie Brandts plays for PSV Eindhoven
Hélder Postiga is affiliated to Portugal national football team
Ulrich van Gobbel is affiliated to Feyenoord
Sven Nieuwpoort is affiliated to Jong Ajax
Joakim Sjöhage is affiliated to Sweden national under-21 football team
Joleon Lescott plays for England national under-20 football team
György Sándor (footballer) is affiliated to Videoton FC
Jennifer Kendal has gender female
Maurício dos Santos Nascimento is affiliated to Esporte Clube Vitória
Michael Kraus (soccer) has gender female
Erixon Danso plays for FC Dordrecht
Marius Popa is affiliated to FC Internațional Curtea de Argeș
Anderson Luiz Schveitzer plays for Esporte Clube Juventude
Luciano Velardi is affiliated to 1. FC Kleve
Mae West died in New York City
Branko Panić plays for NK Istra
Yuri Zhevnov is affiliated to FC Minsk-2
Benjamin Kibebe plays for AIK Fotboll
Tommy Callaghan plays for San Antonio Thunder
Steven O'Dor was born in Melbourne
Jean-François Domergue is affiliated to Toulouse FC
Daan Vaesen is affiliated to Oud-Heverlee Leuven
Gordon Watson is affiliated to Sheffield Wednesday F.C.
Zakir Hussain (politician) died in Hyderabad
Blerim Džemaili plays for Bolton Wanderers F.C.
Fionn Regan has gender male
Joel Camargo was born in São Paulo
Kreso Kovacec is affiliated to SC Concordia von 1907
Thomas Bangalter has gender female
Oleksandr Zayets is affiliated to FC Torpedo Zaporizhya
Craig Clevenger is citizen of United Kingdom
Chung Kyung-ho plays for University of Ulsan
Vangelis Mantzios plays for OFI Crete
Sven Boy is affiliated to VfB Lübeck
Carlos Alberto de Oliveira Júnior plays for Clube Náutico Marcílio Dias
Renan Bardini Bressan plays for FC Gomel
Fionn Regan has gender female
Grégory Arnolin is affiliated to F.C. Pedras Rubras
Julio César Arzú is affiliated to Real C.D. España
Oleksandr Kosyrin plays for FC Dynamo Kyiv
Patrick Agyemang is affiliated to Millwall F.C.
Anna Magnani has won prize Nastro d'Argento
Jerel Ifil is affiliated to Staines Town F.C.
Ian Crook was born in Romford
Rino Marchesi is affiliated to Atalanta B.C.
Soufiane Alloudi is affiliated to Raja Casablanca
Vladimír Kukoľ is affiliated to Spartak Myjava
Benetton Rugby Treviso is located in Treviso
Mamadou Wague is affiliated to Debreceni VSC
Aleksejs Višņakovs is affiliated to Widzew Łódź
Carlo Annovazzi was born in Milan
Marcelo Trobbiani plays for Boca Juniors
Tor Henning Hamre is affiliated to Herfølge Boldklub
Ray Mabbutt is affiliated to Clevedon Town F.C.
Dino Baggio plays for Inter Milan
Vedran Muratović plays for FC Vihren Sandanski
Amer Jukan plays for Enosis Neon Paralimni FC
Serhiy Diryavka was born in Poltava
Marijan Buljat has gender female
Marc Heitmeier is affiliated to Borussia Dortmund
Konstantin Beskov plays for FC Serp i Molot Moscow
Brian Joy plays for Torquay United F.C.
Bernard Hofstede plays for De Treffers
Dino Baggio plays for Italy national football team
Joe Jacobson has gender female
Jefferson Charles de Souza Pinto plays for Gold Coast United FC
Martín Cáceres is affiliated to Sevilla FC
Léo Itaperuna plays for Paulista Futebol Clube
Eduardo De Filippo has gender male
Stéphane Besle plays for FC St. Gallen
Shusaku Nishikawa plays for Urawa Red Diamonds
Zach Thornton is affiliated to New York Red Bulls
Lennart Skoglund is affiliated to Sweden national football team
Santiago Raymonda is affiliated to Boca Unidos
Graeme Murty is affiliated to Reading F.C.
Anthony Tonkin is affiliated to Falmouth Town A.F.C.
Thomas Bangalter has gender male
Eric Barber plays for Kansas City Spurs
David McDermott is affiliated to A.F.C. Telford United
Ángel Jara Saguier is affiliated to Paraguay national football team
Johnny Jaap plays for Newark Americans
Curtis Mayfield has musical role wordnet drum 103249569
Iacopo Balestri is affiliated to Modena F.C.
Oliver Pusztai plays for Szombathelyi Haladás
Dino Fava plays for Bologna F.C. 1909
Lucas Rimoldi is affiliated to Instituto Atlético Central Córdoba
Harold Hardman plays for Northern Nomads F.C.
Nat Brown is affiliated to Macclesfield Town F.C.
Kenan Özer plays for İstanbulspor A.Ş.
Lance Carr has gender male
Werner Dollinger is politician of Germany
Marc Heitmeier is affiliated to SV Wilhelmshaven
Jimmy Leaver plays for Watford F.C.
Nicholas Bignall plays for Wycombe Wanderers F.C.
Dirk Rehbein plays for Bayer 04 Leverkusen
Greg Paterson plays for Linlithgow Rose F.C.
Darren Annon plays for Kingstonian F.C.
Luka Peruzović is affiliated to R.S.C. Anderlecht
Jarkko Hurme plays for Turun Palloseura
Takayuki Komine plays for Kashiwa Reysol
Mbaye Diop plays for PFC Slavia Sofia
Arturo García Yale plays for Real Santa Cruz
Końskie County is located in Końskie County
Gary Rogers plays for St Francis F.C.
Vedran Muratović plays for NK Kamen Ingrad
Bogdan Buhuș plays for FC Universitatea Cluj
"Sainte-Marie, Réunion is located in Réunion"
Friesach is located in Austria
Don Revie is affiliated to Manchester City F.C.
Etiënne Esajas plays for Swindon Town F.C.
Ádám Szalai is affiliated to Hungary national under-21 football team
Arthur Hawes has gender female
Kenny Watson (footballer) is affiliated to Scotland national under-21 football team
Philippe Montandon plays for FC Schaffhausen
David Bingham is affiliated to Gretna F.C.
Slobodan Janković (footballer born 1946) is affiliated to FK Sinđelić Beograd
Bogdan Zając plays for Hutnik Nowa Huta
Barcelona (province) is located in Barcelona (province)
Ray Mabbutt is affiliated to Trowbridge Town F.C.
Boima Karpeh plays for Sporting Clube de Goa
Claude Davis is affiliated to Portmore United F.C.
Chris Snitko plays for United States men's national under-23 soccer team
Paul Rustom plays for Al-Akhaa Al-Ahli Aley
Darren Campion plays for Redditch United F.C.
Duke Ellington has won prize Spingarn Medal
Antoine Jordan has gender female
Ian Stewart (Northern Ireland footballer) plays for Aldershot F.C.
Bill Thompson (footballer) has gender male
Dean Pitchford has gender female
Michael Umaña is affiliated to Costa Rica national football team
Blankenburg (Harz) is located in Harz Rural District
Near Dark is located in United States
Richard Sharpe (soccer) is affiliated to Cocoa Expos
Finn Laudrup is affiliated to Vanløse IF
Dmitri Kharine has gender male
Tiago Campagnaro plays for Clube Atlético Juventus
Wong Sai Kong is affiliated to Sabah FA
Jack Aston plays for Walsall F.C.
"Dyer, Indiana is located in Lake County (Indiana)"
Andy Beattie plays for Inverurie Loco Works F.C.
Thomas Myhre has gender female
Ivica Francišković plays for OFK Grbalj
Ildo Maneiro has gender female
Roger Ljung has gender male
Nick Richardson plays for Frickley Athletic F.C.
"Los Altos Hills, California is located in Santa Clara County"
Roy Warhurst is affiliated to Banbury United F.C.
Jassim Swadi is affiliated to Iraq national football team
Marcelo Costa plays for Sociedade Esportiva e Recreativa Caxias do Sul
Jadson Viera is affiliated to C.A. Lanús
Chris Makiese plays for R.A.E.C. Mons
Hayrulla Karimov is affiliated to FC Bunyodkor
Vincenzo Grifo has gender male
"Wayne Brown (footballer, born January 1977) is affiliated to England national football C team"
Andriy Budnyi plays for Charlotte Eagles
Martin Kotůlek is affiliated to FC Zbrojovka Brno
Yevgeni Korotayev plays for Konoplyov football academy
Sam English is affiliated to Yoker Athletic F.C.
Carsten Hennig is affiliated to Eintracht Frankfurt
Manuel Hartmann plays for Stuttgarter Kickers
Marcus Tulio Tanaka plays for Urawa Red Diamonds
László Sepsi plays for ASA Târgu Mureș (2013)
Laurence Hugh Frost has won prize Distinguished Service Medal
Joseba Garmendia plays for Athletic Bilbao B
"Portsmouth, New Hampshire is located in Rockingham County, New Hampshire"
Li Tie was born in Dalian
Robert E. Smylie is affiliated to Democratic Party (United States)
Alexandru Chipciu plays for FC Forex Brașov
Gabriel Garcete is affiliated to C.D. FAS
Paulo Nagamura plays for Tigres UANL
Derek Johnstone is affiliated to Partick Thistle F.C.
Mauro Bogado plays for San Martín de San Juan
Jamie McCluskey is affiliated to Wrexham F.C.
Emil Gargorov plays for PFC Lokomotiv Sofia
Diego Lagos is affiliated to Argentina national under-17 football team
George Carlin has won prize Primetime Emmy Award
"Wayne Brown (footballer, born January 1977) is affiliated to Bashley F.C."
Mutamba Milambo plays for DR Congo national football team
Abdel Djaadaoui plays for Algeria national football team
Danny Reet is affiliated to Rochdale A.F.C.
Christos Germanos plays for Cyprus national football team
Ian Rush plays for Liverpool F.C.
South Queensferry is located in Midlothian
Alex Smith (footballer born 1939) plays for East Stirlingshire F.C.
Neal Adams was born in London
Jolin Tsai has gender male
Serhiy Diryavka was born in Dnipropetrovsk
Boban Jančevski is affiliated to FK Teteks
Istres is located in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur
Claude Davis is affiliated to Preston North End F.C.
Wagner Corrêa Machado is affiliated to Nova Iguaçu Futebol Clube
Celsinho plays for Fortaleza Esporte Clube
Rainer Rauffmann plays for FC Amberg
Vardan Mazalov plays for PFC CSKA Moscow
Joe Allon is affiliated to Lincoln City F.C.
Aleh Shkabara is affiliated to FC Dinamo Minsk
Jason Dunn (soccer) plays for Seattle Sounders (1994–2008)
César Santis is affiliated to Deportes Antofagasta
The Son of Dr. Jekyll is located in United States
Araquem de Melo is affiliated to Panathinaikos F.C.
Manuel Rueda plays for Caravaca CF
Tony Grant (English footballer) is affiliated to Tranmere Rovers F.C.
Andy Sussex plays for Canvey Island F.C.
Jairzinho is affiliated to Nacional Fast Clube
Karim Zaza plays for F.C. Copenhagen
Allan Gilliver is affiliated to Stockport County F.C.
Sergi López i Ayats has won prize César Award
Dalia Grybauskaitė has won prize Order of the White Eagle (Poland)
Giorgio Corona is affiliated to Mantova F.C.
Pegguy Arphexad is affiliated to Stockport County F.C.
Luís Alberto Silva dos Santos plays for Kashima Antlers
Andrés Franzoia plays for Club Atlético Huracán
Milorad Ratković plays for NK Čelik Zenica
Rej Volpato has gender male
Branko Panić plays for NK Pomorac Kostrena
Andreas Avraam is affiliated to Cyprus national football team
Craig Patrick is affiliated to California Golden Seals
Martin Švejnoha plays for FC Wacker Innsbruck (2002)
Lake Huron is located in Michigan
Joachim Streich was born in Wismar
Conakry International Airport is connected to Léopold Sédar Senghor International Airport
Nazri Nasir is affiliated to Singapore national football team
Emil Newman wrote music for Hondo (film)
Emmanuel Sarki plays for Nigeria national under-20 football team
Arkadiusz Mysona was born in Łódź
Kouvola is located in Kymenlaakso
Dirk Kuyt is affiliated to Liverpool F.C.
Alan da Silva Souza plays for FC Arsenal Kyiv
József Pecsovszky died in Arad (Romania)
Kim Hyun-soo (born March 1973) is affiliated to Ajou University
Federico Vilar plays for Almirante Brown de Arrecifes
Ali Tandoğan plays for Antalyaspor
Marcelo Trobbiani plays for Estudiantes de La Plata
Kapela Mbiyavanga plays for C.D. Primeiro de Agosto
Vital Shapyatowski is affiliated to FC Zvezda-BGU Minsk
Stefan Wächter is affiliated to VfL Bochum II
Iffy Onuora has gender female
R. D. Burman created Sholay
Giuliano Oliviero plays for Winnipeg Fury
László Bálint is affiliated to Ferencvárosi TC
Akmal Rizal Ahmad Rakhli is affiliated to Malaysia national football team
Bratislav Mijalković has gender male
Emiliano Alfaro is affiliated to Liverpool F.C. (Montevideo)
James Troisi is affiliated to Adelaide City
Sainey Nyassi plays for Gambia Ports Authority F.C.
Juan Camilo Zúñiga is affiliated to Atlético Nacional
Zaur Kaziev is affiliated to FC Mozdok
Ivan V of Russia has gender female
"Wilsonville, Oregon is located in Clackamas County, Oregon"
Stéphane Besle plays for RC Lens
Frank Bailey (footballer) is affiliated to Great Harwood F.C.
Oleksiy Ivanov plays for FC Karpaty Lviv
Aziz Ansah is affiliated to F.C. Dallas
Luís Alberto Silva dos Santos plays for Esporte Clube Bahia
Sammy Todd is affiliated to Great Harwood Town F.C.
Nick Phinn plays for Dumbarton F.C.
Perth Wildcats is located in Perth
Douglas Costa is affiliated to Grêmio Foot-Ball Porto Alegrense
Chendo has gender male
Manuel Rueda plays for RCD Mallorca B
Kevin Goldthwaite plays for Portland Timbers
"Ceyhan is located in Mediterranean Region, Turkey"
Kansas City International Airport is connected to Chicago Midway International Airport
Rio Maior Municipality is located in Lezíria do Tejo Subregion
Ilian Iliev is affiliated to PFC Cherno More Varna
Enzo Robotti is affiliated to A.S.D. Sanremese
Halldór Ásgrímsson is affiliated to Independence Party (Iceland)
Ali Bouabé plays for KAC Kénitra
Reg Matthews is affiliated to England national football team
Mervyn Day is affiliated to Leyton Orient F.C.
Lodi is located in Italy
Ray Baverstock is affiliated to Cirencester Town F.C.
Mário Silva (footballer) is affiliated to Boavista F.C.
Nemanja Pejčinović plays for Serbia national football team
Omar Nazar plays for HSV Barmbek-Uhlenhorst
Yuto Nagatomo plays for F.C. Tokyo
Jorge Trezeguet has gender female
Tyson Wahl is affiliated to Seattle Sounders FC
"Manassas, Virginia is located in Virginia"
Iacopo Balestri is affiliated to Montevarchi Calcio Aquila 1902
Arnaud Souquet is affiliated to Lille O.S.C.
Austin McCann is affiliated to Notts County F.C.
Marcus Piossek plays for SV Lippstadt 08
Tab Ramos plays for New Jersey Eagles
Rashid Al-Dosari is affiliated to Al-Muharraq SC
Freddy García (footballer) plays for Heredia Jaguares de Peten
Marvin Pourié plays for Silkeborg IF
Dário Furtado is affiliated to F.C. Paços de Ferreira
Guy Stephane Essame is affiliated to FC Nizhny Novgorod
Mussoorie is located in Dehradun district
Antonino Asta plays for Italy national football team
Marcus Piossek plays for Borussia Dortmund II
Raymond Kopa is affiliated to Stade de Reims
Marco Bernacci was born in Rome
Robert Kłos plays for Polonia Bydgoszcz
Jim Carter (actor) has gender female
François Hollande graduated from Pantheon-Assas University
Július Šimon plays for FC Senec
Andriy Novak is affiliated to Ukraine national under-21 football team
Craig Eastmond is affiliated to Wycombe Wanderers F.C.
Nicola Mingazzini plays for Ravenna F.C.
Tom Jordan (footballer) plays for Havant & Waterlooville F.C.
Kakhaber Gogichaishvili plays for FC Dinamo Tbilisi
Eren Özen plays for Yalovaspor
Ľubomír Meszároš plays for SK Dynamo České Budějovice
Viorel Ion is affiliated to FCM Alexandria
Eupremio Carruezzo plays for S.S. Barletta Calcio
Aleh Shkabara is affiliated to Belarus national under-21 football team
Dean Barrick plays for Hereford United F.C.
Gmina Miastko is located in Pomeranian Voivodeship
Dudu Aouate plays for F.C. Nazareth Illit
Tony Grant (English footballer) is affiliated to Everton F.C.
Nigel Worthington plays for Notts County F.C.
Cortez Belle is affiliated to Northwich Victoria F.C.
Jakub Kosecki is affiliated to Poland national football team
Darko Marković is affiliated to FK Dečić
Félix José Hernández has gender female
David McDermott is affiliated to Halesowen Town F.C.
Payan Rafat plays for Homa F.C.
Giani Kiriţă was born in Sibiu
William Orbit has musical role wordnet guitar 103467517
Simon Coleman plays for Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C.
Beatrice of Castile (1242–1303) is married to Beatrice of Castile (1242–1303)
Stan Valckx has gender female
Juan Cruz Ochoa is affiliated to CD Calahorra
Tortona is located in Province of Alessandria
Martin Lipčák plays for Zalaegerszegi TE
Timo Furuholm is affiliated to Finland national under-21 football team
Charlie Richards is affiliated to Doncaster Rovers F.C.
Roman Týce plays for FC Slovan Liberec
Osama Nabih plays for Baladeyet El-Mahalla
Richard Buhagiar plays for Għajnsielem F.C.
Jill Sobule has musical role wordnet vocal music 107282006
Iain Munro plays for Dundee United F.C.
Mikael Rynell is affiliated to Hammarby IF
Brad Sellers has gender male
Yichang Sanxia Airport is connected to Hangzhou Xiaoshan International Airport
Yaniv Ben-Nissan is affiliated to F.C. Ashdod
Rolf Widerøe lives in Norway
Nicola Mingazzini plays for Bologna F.C. 1909
Tim Wiese plays for Germany national under-21 football team
Julien Laharrague plays for US Montauban
Rodrigo Galatto is affiliated to Grêmio Esportivo Brasil
Piet Wildschut plays for FC Twente
Guillermo Hernández (footballer) plays for Tiburones Rojos de Veracruz
Omega Roberts plays for Club Olympique de Bamako
Franco Brienza plays for A.C. Perugia Calcio
Rodrigo Astudillo is affiliated to San Lorenzo de Almagro
Fabijan Cipot plays for NK Mura
Gary Rogers plays for Dublin City F.C.
Juan Rulfo has gender female
Ibrahim Aoudou plays for Racing Besançon
Nils Teixeira is affiliated to FSV Frankfurt
Line Røddik Hansen is affiliated to Brøndby IF (women)
Bernie Lewis is affiliated to Chelmsford City F.C.
Paulo Sérgio Moreira Gonçalves is affiliated to Portugal national under-21 football team
Extreme Measures is located in United States
Serres (regional unit) is located in Central Macedonia
Jeff Eckhardt plays for Newport County A.F.C.
"La Cañada Flintridge, California is located in Los Angeles County"
Emmanuel Osei is affiliated to Ghana national under-23 football team
Sergey Sosnovski is affiliated to Belarus national under-21 football team
Samuel Beckett died in New York City
Artur Krysiak plays for UKS SMS Łódź
Ramiro Castillo has gender male
"Oxford, Connecticut is located in New Haven County, Connecticut"
Oleksandr Bondarenko plays for FC Temp Shepetivka
Diego Salgado Costa de Menezes is affiliated to Avaí Futebol Clube
Tom Cheeseman plays for Harlequin F.C.
Gilbert Mushangazhike is affiliated to Mpumalanga Black Aces F.C.
Luís Müller is affiliated to Gamba Osaka
Southern United States is located in Southern United States
Juan Manuel Vargas plays for Peru national football team
Yiannis Papadopoulos is affiliated to Dynamo Dresden
Stryn is located in West Norway
Aleksandar Ilić (footballer) is affiliated to FK Radnički Niš
Kaspars Dubra is affiliated to Polonia Bytom
Rino Marchesi is affiliated to A.C. Fanfulla 1874
Ian Spittal is affiliated to Stranraer F.C.
David Rodríguez Sánchez has gender female
"John Smith (footballer, born 1939) is affiliated to Walsall F.C."
Luís Figo plays for Sporting Clube de Portugal
Rajagopala Chidambaram lives in New Delhi
Emil Lyng is affiliated to FC Nordsjælland
Simon Gopane plays for Bush Bucks F.C. (1957)
Werner Dollinger is politician of France
Stanimir Gospodinov is affiliated to NK Mura
Wilf Rostron is affiliated to Sunderland A.F.C.
Hamad International Airport is connected to Dubai International Airport
Stéphane Grichting plays for AJ Auxerre
Jose Baxter is affiliated to Everton F.C.
Austin McCann is affiliated to Clydebank F.C.
"Gary Stevens (footballer, born 1954) plays for Cardiff City F.C."
Philip Wicksteed has gender male
Anthony Pilkington plays for Blackburn Rovers F.C.
Derek Barton has won prize Davy Medal
Darko Tofiloski is affiliated to Macedonia national football team
"Wayne Brown (footballer, born August 1977) is affiliated to Preston North End F.C."
Frans de Munck is affiliated to VV DOS
Miltos Gougoulakis was born in Athens
Savvas Poursaitidis is affiliated to Digenis Akritas Morphou
Mate Baturina plays for NK Zadar
Daniel Aquino Pintos plays for Real Oviedo
"Phil Brown (footballer, born 1966) plays for Gainsborough Trinity F.C."
Nenad Bjeković plays for FK Partizan
Nicky Walker has gender female
Liam Coyle plays for Coleraine F.C.
Carlos Recalde plays for San Martín de San Juan
Oliver Platt has gender male
Cutthroat Island is located in United States
Mate Baturina plays for HNK Hajduk Split
Jairzinho is affiliated to Club 9 de Octubre
Richard Hawley has musical role wordnet drum 103249569
Francis Simon died in Berlin
Gmina Bystrzyca Kłodzka is located in Lower Silesian Voivodeship
Radoslav Dimitrov is affiliated to Bulgaria national under-21 football team
Bob Kahn graduated from Princeton University
William Shakespeare has gender female
Andreas Johansson (footballer born 1982) was born in Halmstad
Michael Freedman works at Institute for Advanced Study
Leopold Kielholz is affiliated to FC Bern 1894
Dinah Washington has won prize Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award
Chris Dagnall is affiliated to Rochdale A.F.C.
José Luis Borbolla is affiliated to Real Club España
Daniel Francis (footballer) plays for Walton & Hersham F.C.
Camillo Jerusalem is affiliated to FK Austria Wien
Nazir Kazharov plays for FC Aruan Nartkala
Dariusz Dziekanowski plays for Gwardia Warszawa
Craig Potter (footballer) is affiliated to Dalry Thistle F.C.
Behzad Gholampour plays for Iran national futsal team
André Rey (footballer) plays for FC Mulhouse
Joaquín Peiró plays for Spain national football team
Nalbari district is located in Assam
Ilan Araújo Dall'Igna was born in São Paulo
Thulasizwe Mbuyane is affiliated to Mpumalanga Black Aces F.C.
Scott Cannon plays for University of Evansville
Gmina Celestynów is located in Otwock County
Alaeddine Yahia plays for RC Lens
Vyacheslav Tikhonov died in Saint Petersburg
Con Martin plays for League of Ireland XI
fr/Jean-Toussaint Desanti influences Louis Althusser
Endurance Idahor is affiliated to Dolphins F.C. (Port Harcourt)
Bill Irwin (footballer) plays for Dallas Tornado
Fabrice Divert plays for En Avant de Guingamp
Ilian Iliev is affiliated to Bulgaria national football team
Arthur Hawes has gender male
Soviet invasion of Manchuria happened in Manchukuo
Jerry Nelson acted in The Frog Prince (Muppets)
Ahn Jung-hwan has gender female
Michael Schmidt (footballer) is affiliated to SCC Berlin
Artur Andruszczak plays for Pogoń Szczecin
Marlon Pereira Freire plays for SC Cambuur
Youssouf Koné is affiliated to F.C. Vittoria
Néstor Ortigoza is affiliated to San Lorenzo de Almagro
Mussoorie is located in Uttarakhand
Mitsuru Nagata plays for Urawa Red Diamonds
Koldo is affiliated to Andorra national football team
Bobby Jones (footballer) is affiliated to Swindon Town F.C.
Marco Reus is affiliated to Borussia Dortmund
Stephen Smale has won prize Fields Medal
Roy John plays for Wales national football team
Maksim Azovskiy is affiliated to FC Kairat Academy
Vincenzo Grifo has gender female
Boris Bandov is affiliated to Team America (NASL)
Artur Andruszczak plays for Chojniczanka Chojnice
Göran Enckelman plays for Kuopion Palloseura
"Wallingford, Connecticut is located in New Haven, Connecticut"
Luis Monti plays for Argentina national football team
Gianluca Berti was born in Florence
Sam Malcolmson plays for Wellington United
Warren Cummings is affiliated to Poole Town F.C.
Jamie Green (footballer) is affiliated to Buxton F.C.
Mattias Jonson is affiliated to Brøndby IF
Elvir Bolić plays for NK Čelik Zenica
Ali Benarbia plays for AS Monaco FC
Victoria Lord plays for Club América
Alex Muscat plays for Sliema Wanderers F.C.
Slaven Stjepanović plays for FK Zeta
Aylesbury is located in South East England
Uwe Hain is affiliated to Eintracht Braunschweig
Keith Tozer is affiliated to State University of New York at Oneonta
Wayne Purser plays for East Thurrock United F.C.
Milad Salem plays for FSV Frankfurt
"Oxford, Connecticut is located in Central Naugatuck Valley"
Derek Barton has won prize Copley Medal
Zoran Karić plays for Kansas City Attack
Ross Smith (soccer) is affiliated to Rochester Rhinos
Andrea Lazzari is affiliated to U.S. Grosseto F.C.
Nassim Ben Khalifa plays for FC Stade Nyonnais
Gunnar Halle is affiliated to Leeds United A.F.C.
Sürmene is located in Trabzon Province
Mark Dennis is affiliated to Winchester City F.C.
Kevin van Dessel is affiliated to EVV (football club)
Savvas Poursaitidis is affiliated to Veria F.C.
Sergio Herrera is affiliated to Colombia national football team
Ron Jeremy acted in Fuck (film)
Dennis Hillebrand is affiliated to VfR Aalen
Ivica Vrdoljak is affiliated to NK Lučko
İsmet İnönü has child İsmet İnönü
Jürgen Trittin has gender male
Korcan Çelikay is affiliated to Diyarbakırspor
"Louis Philippe I has child Prince Philippe, Count of Paris"
Vladimir Gabulov plays for FC Mozdok
Hatthaporn Suwan is affiliated to BEC Tero Sasana F.C.
Nymburk District is located in Nymburk
Roberto Sosa (footballer) plays for FC Rapperswil-Jona
Choi Soon-ho is affiliated to Kwangwoon University
Umberto Del Core plays for Renato Curi Angolana
Toshihide Maskawa graduated from Nagoya University
Ivan Necevski is affiliated to Penrith Panthers
Dioh Williams plays for Floda BoIF
Thomas Richter (footballer born 1967) plays for SV Waldhof Mannheim
Emiliano Pedrozo has gender male
Ryuichi Hirashige plays for Japan national under-20 football team
"Ames, Iowa is located in Iowa"
Graz-Umgebung District is located in Styria
John Cornforth has gender male
Alex Toth influences Joe Quesada
Gulbarga is located in Gulbarga district
Axel Sundermann plays for TBV Lemgo
Artur Krysiak plays for Poland national under-19 football team
Bo Svensson is affiliated to Denmark national football team
"Athol, Massachusetts is located in Worcester County, Massachusetts"
Bradley Johnson is affiliated to Arsenal F.C.
Manqoba Ngwenya plays for Notwane F.C.
Péter Czvitkovics plays for K.V. Kortrijk
Ulrich Le Pen is affiliated to FC Lorient
"Richmond, Vermont is located in Vermont"
Ian Stewart (Northern Ireland footballer) plays for Queens Park Rangers F.C.
Edmilson Gonçalves Pimenta is affiliated to Portimonense S.C.
Aude has capital Aude
Art Welch plays for Vancouver Whitecaps (1974–84)
Willian Lanes de Lima is affiliated to Botafogo Futebol Clube (SP)
Joan Verdú plays for FC Barcelona C
Anselmo Ramon plays for Esporte Clube Itaúna
Maren Brinker has gender male
Christophe Meslin plays for SC Bastia
Jacques-Désiré Périatambée plays for AJ Auxerre
Yevgeni Kuznetsov (footballer born 1983) plays for FC Khimki
Joakim Sjöhage is affiliated to Varbergs BoIS FC
Vladyslav Vashchuk is affiliated to FC Lviv
Michel Blanc acted in Uranus (film)
Spencer Verbiest plays for R. Cappellen F.C.
James Stott is affiliated to Grimsby Town F.C.
Behzad Gholampour has gender female
Oscar Crino is affiliated to Australia national under-23 association football team
Vito Falconieri has gender female
Slobodan Janković (footballer born 1946) is affiliated to Red Star Belgrade
Steve Nicol is affiliated to West Bromwich Albion F.C.
Sebastián Martínez plays for SC Wiener Neustadt
Algirdas Butkevičius is affiliated to Social Democratic Party of Lithuania
Giovanni Vavassori is affiliated to Cagliari Calcio
Gmina Braniewo is located in Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
Waldemar Piątek is affiliated to KSZO Ostrowiec Świętokrzyski
Jimmy Carter (footballer) has gender male
"Jorge Salcedo was born in Cerritos, California"
Trey Parker has won prize Emmy Award
Teddy Davison was born in Gateshead
Dariusz Wosz has gender female
Robert Sidoli is affiliated to Pontypridd RFC
Tijani Babangida plays for Vitesse
Martin Amedick is affiliated to Borussia Dortmund
Tony Butler (footballer) is affiliated to Port Vale F.C.
Iderlindo Moreno Freire plays for RBC Roosendaal
Adrián Romero was born in Buenos Aires
Tony Barratt plays for Grimsby Town F.C.
Emil Newman wrote music for Big Jim McLain
Avdija Vršajević plays for FK Željezničar Sarajevo
Mark Saunders (footballer) plays for Folkestone Invicta F.C.
Junior Osagie plays for Warri Wolves F.C.
Lys Mouithys plays for AS Cherbourg Football
Andrea Bernini has gender female
Alfie Stokes plays for Fulham F.C.
"Paris, Tennessee is located in Tennessee"
Aykut Demir is affiliated to Turkey national under-19 football team
Sotiris Balafas plays for Anagennisi Arta F.C.
Nile Ranger was born in Newcastle upon Tyne
Gonzalo Segares has gender female
Chris Curran (footballer born September 1971) is affiliated to Tiverton Town F.C.
Dário Furtado is affiliated to Sporting Clube da Praia
Neilly Gibson is affiliated to Scottish Football League XI
Darius Vassell has gender female
Andreas Avraam is affiliated to Apollon Limassol
Martin Paterson plays for Northern Ireland national football team
Daniel Morales (footballer) plays for PFC Lokomotiv Mezdra
Bob Kahn graduated from City College of New York
Radu II of Wallachia has gender female
Hamamatsu is located in Shizuoka (prefecture)
Jamshid Mashayekhi was born in Paris
Roger Corman directed The Raven (1963 film)
Cem Atan plays for Kızılcahamamspor
"Greensburg, Pennsylvania is located in Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania"
Marco Bernacci is affiliated to Forlì F.C.
Ilie Bărbulescu plays for FC Argeș Pitești
Mike Flater plays for Oakland Stompers
Mario Garba is affiliated to NK Imotski
Roberto Cabral is affiliated to Club Atlético Platense
Devdas (2002 Hindi film) is located in United States
Roberto Mosquera was born in Lima
Tor Henning Hamre is affiliated to FK Mandalskameratene
Xavier Gravelaine plays for AC Ajaccio
"Simon Brown (footballer, born 1983) plays for Chasetown F.C."
Timo Furuholm is affiliated to Musan Salama
Schwaz is located in Schwaz District
"Hooksett, New Hampshire is located in Merrimack County, New Hampshire"
Gmina Przeworsk is located in Podkarpackie Voivodeship
Thomas Hickersberger is affiliated to Austria national football team
Peter Fitzgerald (footballer) is affiliated to Cork Hibernians F.C.
Gordon Burness is affiliated to New Bedford Whalers
Diego Biseswar plays for AFC DWS
Mars Callahan created Zigs (film)
Alain Geiger plays for Neuchâtel Xamax
Marko Bajić plays for Lechia Gdańsk
Alessandro Tulli is affiliated to A.S. Livorno Calcio
Stuart Roberts (footballer born 1980) is affiliated to Carmarthen Town A.F.C.
Rui Komatsu plays for V-Varen Nagasaki
Nicolas Raynier plays for US Boulogne
Cortez Belle plays for Newport County A.F.C.
Sergio Herrera is affiliated to Once Caldas
Henryk Apostel has gender female
Robbie Williams (footballer born 1984) plays for Limerick F.C.
Denys Skepskyi was born in Chernihiv
Thiago Heleno plays for Brazil national under-20 football team
George Kirby (footballer) has gender female
Herbert Robbins has gender male
Epic Games is located in Cary
Nea Anchialos National Airport is connected to Mykonos Island National Airport
Miguel Ángel Lotina is affiliated to C.D. Castellón
John Tarkpor Sonkaliey is affiliated to Liberia Petroleum Refining Company Oilers
Daniel Bertoni is affiliated to C.A. Independiente
Andy Aitken (footballer born 1877) is affiliated to Dundee F.C.
Kelvin Lomax plays for Oldham Athletic A.F.C.
Frank Ruíz plays for Unión Huaral
Francis Simon died in Oxford
Jason Vandelannoite is affiliated to Qormi F.C.
Nils Ekman is affiliated to SKA Saint Petersburg
Luís Figo plays for Real Madrid C.F.
Zygmunt Kalinowski plays for Motor Lublin
Kolar is located in Kolar district
Chuncheon is located in Gangwon Province (South Korea)
Joel Etienne-Clark is affiliated to Great Wakering Rovers F.C.
Jimmy Wardhaugh plays for Dunfermline Athletic F.C.
Willie Stewart is affiliated to West Ham United F.C.
Jorn Vermeulen is affiliated to Oud-Heverlee Leuven
Alier Ashurmamadov is affiliated to Varzob Dushanbe
Michalis Sifakis is affiliated to Greece national football team
Goran Slavkovski plays for IF Limhamn Bunkeflo
Paolo de la Haza is affiliated to FC Chornomorets Odesa
John Deans plays for Motherwell F.C.
Aaron Downes is affiliated to Australia national under-23 association football team
Shahrulnizam Mustapa is affiliated to Malaysian President's Cup
Emin Imamaliev plays for Azerbaijan national football team
Romeo Castelen is affiliated to Hamburger SV II
Košice International Airport is connected to Hurghada International Airport
Willy Rumpf has won prize Star of People's Friendship
Justus Christian Loder works at University of Jena
Southern United States is located in United States
Halldór Ásgrímsson is affiliated to Progressive Party (Iceland)
Darren Ferguson is affiliated to Sparta Rotterdam
Lam Sheung Yee died in London
Aaron Skelton has gender female
Ted Chronopoulos plays for New York Red Bulls
Dino Baggio plays for S.S. Lazio
Stephen Crainey is affiliated to Celtic F.C.
Dirk Anders is affiliated to Wormatia Worms
Luciano Fabián Monzón plays for Argentina national under-23 football team
Aaron Hughes plays for Queens Park Rangers F.C.
Ron Sexsmith has musical role wordnet guitar 103467517
Abdel Djaadaoui plays for FC Rouen
Leonardo Isaula plays for Comayagua F.C.
"fr/Massif du Piton des Neiges is located in Sainte-Marie, Réunion"
Keith Moffatt graduated from University of Edinburgh
George Robertson (footballer born 1883) is affiliated to Brierley Hill Alliance F.C.
Frank de Boer plays for Netherlands national football team
Eloy Colombano is affiliated to Defensa y Justicia
Tero Koskela is affiliated to FC Honka
Milan Gajić is affiliated to BSC Young Boys
Marco Minghetti is politician of France
Battle of Sunda Strait happened in Dutch East Indies
Washington Luiz Mascarenhas Silva is affiliated to CR Vasco da Gama
Kenta Hasegawa plays for Japan national football team
Néstor Ortigoza is affiliated to Paraguay national football team
Nemanja Pejčinović plays for FK Rad
George Wood (footballer) has gender female
Hugo Luz plays for C.F. Estrela da Amadora
Ruslan Zeynalov plays for FC Krymteplytsia Molodizhne
Juan Carlos Falcón plays for Godoy Cruz Antonio Tomba
Garry Wood was born in Inverness
Gerd Dais is affiliated to FC Nöttingen
Pablo de Muner plays for Boca Unidos
West Palm Beach is located in Palm Beach County
Lee Jones (footballer born 1970) plays for Crewe Alexandra F.C.
Abel Braga is affiliated to Goytacaz Futebol Clube
Bo Svensson has gender male
Scott Chaplain plays for Annan Athletic F.C.
Ray Ferris plays for Crewe Alexandra F.C.
La Grande Illusion is located in France
Ibrahim Babatunde is affiliated to Msida Saint-Joseph F.C.
David Bingham is affiliated to Cowdenbeath F.C.
Behzad Gholampour has gender male
Branco (footballer) plays for Sport Club Internacional
Jimmy Gauld plays for Huntly F.C.
Maciej Sadlok is affiliated to Poland national under-21 football team
Dino Baggio plays for Italy national football team
Felix Schiller plays for SV Tasmania-Gropiusstadt 1973
Shervin Radjabali-Fardi plays for F.C. Hansa Rostock
Kirkenes is located in Northern Norway
Craig Woodman is affiliated to Wycombe Wanderers F.C.
Børge Mathiesen is affiliated to Le Havre AC
Norman Tome plays for APIA Leichhardt Tigers FC
Ian Stewart (Australian rules footballer) is affiliated to Richmond Football Club
Samer Saeed is affiliated to Najaf FC
Manfred Wörner is politician of Germany
Matt Jarvis plays for West Ham United F.C.
Steve Jennings (footballer) is affiliated to Motherwell F.C.
Cédric Tsimba is affiliated to FC Meyrin
Ladislav Onofrej is affiliated to FC Lokomotíva Košice
Brian Tyler (composer) has musical role wordnet cello 102992211
Gmina Celestynów is located in Masovian Voivodeship
Johnny Woodly Lambert plays for Xinjiang Tianshan Leopard F.C.
Mauricio Hanuch is affiliated to Deportivo Morón
Thomas Flögel is affiliated to First Vienna FC
Bruce Douglas (rugby union) is affiliated to Worcester Warriors
Vladimir Lisitsin plays for Soviet Union national football team
Stefan Klos plays for Rangers F.C.
Carlos Recalde plays for Club Sol de América
Vančo Micevski plays for FK Sileks
Adie Smith is affiliated to Willenhall Town F.C.
"Maryborough, Queensland is located in Bundaberg"
Greg Fleming is affiliated to Oldham Athletic A.F.C.
Joyce Kilmer graduated from Columbia University
Thomas Schlieter is affiliated to Hamborn 07
Alan Barnett (footballer) plays for Exeter City F.C.
Hélder Cristóvão has gender male
Diego Lagos is affiliated to Instituto Atlético Central Córdoba
Marcel L'Herbier was born in London
Galo Plaza has gender male
György Sándor (footballer) is affiliated to Ittihad FC
Metropolitan Borough of Bury is located in Lancashire
Herbert Burgess is affiliated to A.C. Milan
Maximilian Heidenreich plays for Hannover 96
Daryn Tufts has gender female
John Tate has won prize Leroy P. Steele Prize
Datsakorn Thonglao plays for Hoàng Anh Gia Lai F.C.
Vasyl Kardash is affiliated to FC Skala Stryi
Kilkis (regional unit) is located in Central Macedonia
Willie Huck plays for AS Monaco FC
Romanus Orjinta has gender female
Saul Deeney is affiliated to Gresley F.C.
Willy Brandt has child Helmut Schmidt
Ricardo Mannetti plays for Namibia national football team
Daniel Morales (footballer) plays for Esporte Clube XV de Novembro (Jaú)
Andy Legg plays for Maesteg Park A.F.C.
Éver Banega has gender male
Gerardo Cortés plays for Chile national under-20 football team
Battle of Bicocca is located in Milan
Daniel Andersson (footballer born 1977) plays for F.B.C. Unione Venezia
Andrés Alberto Hernández Socas is affiliated to Universidad de Las Palmas CF
Lerin Duarte plays for Jong Ajax
Viktor Kuznetsov (footballer) is affiliated to FC SKVO Rostov-on-Don
Vasily Sokolov has won prize Order of the Badge of Honour
Patrick Villars plays for Maccabi Petah Tikva F.C.
Dan Tremelling is affiliated to Lincoln City F.C.
Sebastián Brusco plays for Club Atlético Belgrano
Ali Tandoğan plays for Mersin İdmanyurdu SK
David A. Christian has gender female
Gaetano Fontana is affiliated to U.S. Catanzaro 1929
Eric Viscaal is affiliated to KV Mechelen
Patrick Villars plays for Ebusua Dwarfs
Tolga Ciğerci plays for VfL Wolfsburg
Gerardo Cortés plays for Ñublense
Akira Kurosawa directed Ran (film)
Darren Forsyth is affiliated to Gateshead F.C.
Guglielmo Marconi died in Bologna
Youssef Haraoui has gender male
Adrian Hayes is affiliated to King's Lynn F.C.
Jason Brissett is affiliated to Leyton Orient F.C.
Cambodia deals with China
Yevhen Shyryayev plays for FC Chornomorets-2 Odessa
Ivan Jolić is affiliated to NK Troglav Livno
Dale Tonge is affiliated to Torquay United F.C.
Vladimir Mazya was born in Vladimir Mazya
Kristi Vangjeli plays for FC Chornomorets Odesa
Lyudmil Nikolov was born in Plovdiv
Cornell Glen is affiliated to Ma Pau SC
Jamie McCluskey is affiliated to Clyde F.C.
Adam Barton is affiliated to Crawley Town F.C.
Amélie of Orléans has won prize Golden Rose
Revaz Gotsiridze is affiliated to Georgia national football team
"Bowen, Queensland is located in Mackay, Queensland"
Heinz-Josef Koitka is affiliated to Eintracht Frankfurt
Kopřivnice is located in Nový Jičín District
Cristian Lucchetti is affiliated to Club Atlético Banfield
Rudy Jansen plays for SV Spakenburg
Ronald Fisher was born in London
Lützen is located in Saxony-Anhalt
Gilberto Rincón Gallardo died in New York City
Josef von Sternberg died in Vienna
Raivis Hščanovičs is affiliated to Latvia national football team
Irakli Gemazashvili plays for ZFC Meuselwitz
Martin Canning is affiliated to Peterhead F.C.
Harry Beadles plays for Cardiff City F.C.
Piraliy Aliev is affiliated to FC Kairat
Paweł Sasin is affiliated to Dolcan Ząbki
John Taylor (goalkeeper) is affiliated to Pwllheli F.C.
Gaizka Garitano is affiliated to SD Eibar
Sven Boy is affiliated to Arminia Bielefeld
Juan Camilo Zúñiga is affiliated to Atlético Nacional
Wesam Rizik plays for Al Sadd SC
Peter Weir (footballer) plays for St. Mirren F.C.
Nuno Diogo plays for Leixões S.C.
Mohamed Youssouf is affiliated to Comoros national football team
Alex Forbes is affiliated to Dundee North End F.C.
Günter Sawitzki plays for SV Sodingen
Daniel Mann was born in Los Angeles
Grégory Tadé is affiliated to CFR Cluj
Giovane Alves da Silva plays for South China AA
Marouane Chamakh plays for West Ham United F.C.
Joaquín Peiró plays for Atlético Madrid
Vinícius Conceição da Silva is affiliated to Clube Náutico Capibaribe
Issam El Adoua has gender female
Sosha Makani is affiliated to Iran national under-23 football team
Chris Clarke (footballer) is affiliated to Blackpool F.C.
Samuel Beckett died in Paris
Maikel Renfurm plays for Sparta Rotterdam
Stéphane Mahé is affiliated to Stade Rennais F.C.
"College Station, Texas is located in Texas"
Rambouillet is located in France
Chaim Weizmann is affiliated to Israeli Labor Party
Massimo Moia plays for FC Sochaux-Montbéliard
Karim Saidi is affiliated to Tunisia national football team
Josta Dladla plays for Kaizer Chiefs F.C.
Jone Samuelsen plays for Skeid Fotball
Ilya Mikhalyov plays for FC Shakhtar-3 Donetsk
Mark Rutte graduated from Leiden University
Mantas Fridrikas is affiliated to FC Fyn
Ramon Muller plays for Newell's Old Boys
Alberto Ortega is affiliated to Deportes Copiapó
Boo Young-tae has gender female
Gene Geimer is affiliated to St. Louis Kutis S.C.
"John Robertson (footballer, born 1964) plays for Livingston F.C."
Buba Yohanna plays for Canon Yaoundé
Viktor Brovchenko plays for FC Karpaty Lviv
Eyjólfur Sverrisson plays for Hertha BSC
Andy Sussex plays for Crewe Alexandra F.C.
Scot Gemmill plays for Scotland national football team
Ahmad Salah Alwan is affiliated to Zamalek SC
Mbaye Diop plays for A.D. Camacha
Rafael Dias (footballer) plays for Murici Futebol Clube
Graham Hyde plays for Hereford United F.C.
Chris Brown (American soccer) is affiliated to Portland Timbers (2001–10)
Fiachra McArdle is affiliated to Sporting Fingal F.C.
Emily Blunt has gender female
Giorgos Skartados plays for Rodos F.C.
Gmina Głogów is located in Lower Silesian Voivodeship
Camaná Province has capital Camaná Province
Ryan Hall (footballer) plays for Crystal Palace F.C.
Mark Saunders (footballer) plays for Plymouth Argyle F.C.
Dalia Grybauskaitė has won prize Order of the Lithuanian Grand Duke Gediminas
Radu II of Wallachia has gender male
Mark Elrick is affiliated to Waitakere City F.C.
Tommy Svindal Larsen is affiliated to 1. FC Nürnberg
Radoslav Látal plays for Dukla Prague
Petr Mikolanda is affiliated to SK Motorlet Prague
Jay Smith (footballer born September 1981) plays for Eastwood Town F.C.
Piet Wildschut plays for Roda JC Kerkrade
Jon McCarthy is affiliated to Shepshed Dynamo F.C.
Patrick J. Hurley graduated from George Washington University
Mick Meagan is affiliated to Huddersfield Town F.C.
Rowdy Herrington was born in Pittsburgh
Zsolt Petry plays for Budapest Honvéd FC
Vasile Ghindaru plays for FC Petrolul Ploiești
"Epic Games is located in Raleigh, North Carolina"
Carbon Leaf is located in United States
Český Krumlov is located in Český Krumlov District
Antoine Jordan has gender male
Flavio Ferri has gender male
"Doral, Florida is located in Miami-Dade County"
Clarence Seedorf plays for A.C. Milan
Girish Karnad has won prize Padma Bhushan
Gabriel Peñalba is affiliated to Quilmes Atlético Club
"Martinsburg, West Virginia is located in United States"
Bernard Genghini plays for FC Sochaux-Montbéliard
Darren Young (New Zealand footballer) plays for Waitakere City F.C.
Artem Yashkin has gender female
"Prince Jean, Duke of Guise is married to Prince Jean, Duke of Guise"
Stanislav Loban is affiliated to FC Stal Dniprodzerzhynsk
Aka Adek Mba has gender male
Russell Latapy is affiliated to Caledonia AIA F.C.
Andrés San Martín is affiliated to Sportivo Italiano
Marcelo Santos Oliveira plays for Villa Rio Esporte Clube
Fred Hopkin is affiliated to Liverpool F.C.
Giovanny Espinoza is affiliated to Ecuador national football team
Adrian Pettigrew is affiliated to England national under-16 football team
"Las Cruces, New Mexico is located in Doña Ana County, New Mexico"
Leon W. Johnson has gender male
Robbie Herrera has gender female
Fahed Attal plays for Al-Jazeera (Amman)
Gerardo Galindo plays for C.F. Monterrey
Roger Osborne plays for Felixstowe & Walton United F.C.
Bruno Nobili plays for S.S. Maceratese 1922
R. D. Burman created Hum Kisise Kum Naheen
Tony McMahon is affiliated to England national under-17 football team
Július Šimon plays for FC Petržalka 1898
Andrea Cossu (footballer born 1984) is affiliated to Unione Triestina 2012 S.S.D.
Óscar Vílchez plays for FBC Melgar
Glenn Strömberg has gender female
Răzvan Raț plays for Rayo Vallecano
Michael Andrews (musician) has musical role wordnet drum 103249569
Nélio da Silva Melo has gender male
Billy Stark plays for Hamilton Academical F.C.
Rodrigo Defendi plays for Cruzeiro Esporte Clube
Georgie Mee plays for Blackpool F.C.
Flávio Augusto do Nascimento is affiliated to Salgueiro Atlético Clube
Adrian Falub is affiliated to ACF Gloria Bistrița
Ray Ferris plays for Northern Ireland national football team
Motohiro Yamaguchi is affiliated to Japan national football team
Heinz Hornig is affiliated to FC Schalke 04
Paolo Acerbis plays for U.C. AlbinoLeffe
Nils Teixeira is affiliated to Bonner SC
Walther Bothe works at Heidelberg University
Andy Beattie plays for Preston North End F.C.
José Luis Borbolla is affiliated to Deportivo de La Coruña
Vadym Zayats was born in Chernivtsi
Blerim Džemaili plays for SC Young Fellows Juventus
Eupremio Carruezzo plays for A.C. Savoia 1908
Mark Phillips (footballer) plays for Brentford F.C.
Excellent Walaza plays for Bloemfontein Celtic F.C.
Jefferson Lucas Azevedo dos Santos plays for Londrina Esporte Clube
França plays for Nacional Futebol Clube
Víctor Mañón plays for Mexico national under-17 football team
Stewart Downing is affiliated to England national football B team
Víctor Mañón plays for Indios de Ciudad Juárez
John Milnor graduated from Princeton University
Georgi Sarmov is affiliated to PFC Neftochimic Burgas
"Alfred Milner, 1st Viscount Milner is affiliated to Conservative Party (UK)"
Yacuiba Airport is connected to El Trompillo Airport
Sven Kaiser is affiliated to FC Carl Zeiss Jena
Gerald Gansterer is affiliated to FC Pasching
Arjan Xhumba is affiliated to Luftëtari Gjirokastër
Todor Stoev plays for PFC Chavdar Etropole
Laconia has capital Laconia
Gmina Płońsk is located in Masovian Voivodeship
Michael Freedman has won prize Oswald Veblen Prize in Geometry
Dean Holden plays for Bolton Wanderers F.C.
Brian Croft plays for Southport F.C.
Dean Keates plays for Walsall F.C.
Frédéric Laurent plays for SO Romorantin
Zsolt Nagy (footballer) is affiliated to Doxa Katokopias F.C.
Josh Gowling plays for Ølstykke FC
Eric Viscaal is affiliated to PSV Eindhoven
Darren Moss plays for Chester City F.C.
Henri Scheweleff plays for Vaasan Palloseura
Carlos Recalde plays for San Martín de San Juan
Gábor Egressy (footballer) plays for 1. Wiener Neustädter SC
Bruno Quadros plays for Botafogo de Futebol e Regatas
Anna Magnani has won prize Golden Globe Award
Gregory Walters is affiliated to Carolina RailHawks
Irving Cummings was born in New York City
Paris Nakajima-Farran is affiliated to CE Europa
Jorge Dely Valdés plays for Club Deportivo Árabe Unido
Fredson Câmara Pereira plays for Goiás Esporte Clube
Matteo Tosetti is affiliated to FC Wohlen
Louis J. Mordell has won prize Copley Medal
Växjö Municipality is located in Växjö
Dražen Ladić has gender female
Leao Butrón is affiliated to Alianza Atlético
Davit Kvirkvelia has gender male
"Gmina Jabłonna, Masovian Voivodeship is located in Legionowo County"
Milan Purović has gender female
Sergio Manente is affiliated to Atalanta B.C.
Rob Hindmarch has gender male
Borivoje Đorđević plays for Yugoslavia national football team
Chris Vinnicombe plays for England national under-21 football team
Ahmed Ali (footballer) is affiliated to Al Ahly SC
Seyi Olofinjana plays for Hull City A.F.C.
Mark Coulson is affiliated to Histon F.C.
Lützen is located in Burgenlandkreis
Michał Probierz is affiliated to Gwarek Zabrze
Matt Jarvis plays for Gillingham F.C.
Lodi is located in Lodi (Province)
Rej Volpato has gender female
Newton Ben Katanha is affiliated to FC Schaffhausen
Harold Wallace was born in Mexico City
"Santa Clara, California is located in California"
Kehinde Fatai is affiliated to FC Astra Giurgiu
Yannick Rott is affiliated to Étoile Fréjus Saint-Raphaël
Omar Pouso is affiliated to Uruguay national football team
Yichang Sanxia Airport is connected to Guangzhou Baiyun International Airport
"Madison County, Mississippi is located in Mississippi"
Mohd Sabre Mat Abu is affiliated to Malaysia national under-23 football team
Liran Cohen is affiliated to Bnei Yehuda Tel Aviv F.C.
Bruce B. G. Clarke has won prize Parachutist Badge (United States)
Daniel Martín plays for Spain national under-18 football team
Alan Rothenberg was born in Bangkok
Mitchell Donald is affiliated to Willem II (football club)
Brad Sellers has gender female
Michael Kraus (soccer) has gender male
West Indies is located in Atlantic Ocean
Sergio Daniel Martínez is affiliated to Deportivo de La Coruña
Miguel Comminges is affiliated to Cardiff City F.C.
Mehmet Durakovic plays for Australia national association football team
Kent Karlsson has gender female
Charles Gbeke is affiliated to Hamilton Thunder
Andrés D'Alessandro is affiliated to Club Atlético River Plate
Boban Bajković plays for FK Lovćen
Đorđe Tomić is affiliated to Real Oviedo
Peter Brabrook was born in Romford
George Koumantarakis is affiliated to Preston North End F.C.
Bruce Douglas (rugby union) is affiliated to Border Reivers (rugby)
William Daniels has gender female
Robbie Williams (footballer born 1984) plays for Rochdale A.F.C.
Yuen Biao acted in Dragons Forever
Jorge Suárez Landaverde is affiliated to C.D. Águila
Kevan Smith plays for Coventry City F.C.
Richmond Forson plays for Vendée Luçon Football
Alexander Hauser is affiliated to SC Schwanenstadt
Lac-Saint-Jean-Est Regional County Municipality is located in Saguenay–Lac-Saint-Jean
Madang is located in Papua New Guinea
Lloyd Owen has gender male
Otto Ruff graduated from University of Wrocław
Claudio Ramiadamanana is affiliated to US Orléans
"Charlotte, Grand Duchess of Luxembourg has won prize Golden Rose"
Jackie Swindells was born in Liverpool
Vladyslav Vashchuk is affiliated to FC Dynamo-3 Kyiv
Andy Ferrell is affiliated to Gateshead F.C.
Ilija Katić has gender male
Vadym Zayats was born in Zaporizhia
Juiz de Fora is located in Southeast (Brazil)
Ernie Hunt plays for Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C.
Stanisław Terlecki plays for Gwardia Warszawa
Javier Pastore is affiliated to C.A. Huracán
Reinhold Fanz was born in Mannheim
Eddie Kelly (footballer) is affiliated to Torquay United F.C.
Arturo Albarrán plays for C.D. Universidad de El Salvador
Mark Coulson is affiliated to Biggleswade Town F.C.
Martin Lejsal plays for FC Fastav Zlín
Steve Pinau plays for France national youth football team
Nazir Kazharov plays for Russia national under-21 football team
"Boonville, Indiana is located in Indiana"
Michael Zullo plays for Brisbane Strikers FC
Växjö Municipality is located in Kronoberg County
Alfie Stokes plays for Cambridge City F.C.
Ruben Studdard has won prize Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
Jurģis Pučinskis plays for Latvia national football team
Wellington International Airport is connected to Auckland Airport
Yui (singer) has musical role wordnet bass guitar 102804123
Bill Myerscough has gender male
Hernán Crespo is affiliated to Argentina national under-23 football team
Louis Philippe I has child Louis Philippe I
Andrea Ferretti (footballer born 1986) is affiliated to A.C. Pavia
Vratislav Greško has gender male
Ivan Necevski is affiliated to Sydney FC
Ryo Kase has gender male
Paweł Wojciechowski (footballer born 1990) is affiliated to Śląsk Wrocław
Cristian Raúl Ledesma is affiliated to Argentinos Juniors
Bogdan Milić plays for Suwon FC
Sidnei (footballer born 1989) plays for Sport Club Internacional
Mohammed Abubakari is affiliated to AEL 1964 FC
Joe Palatsides plays for Heidelberg United FC
Tommy Callaghan plays for Celtic F.C.
Luka Peruzović is affiliated to HNK Hajduk Split
Don Hutchison is affiliated to Sunderland A.F.C.
Éric Woerth is affiliated to Union for a Popular Movement
Manuel Hartmann is affiliated to SGV Freiberg
James Howie is affiliated to Scotland national football team
Hasan Gültang is affiliated to Afyonkarahisarspor
Cristiano dos Santos Rodrigues is affiliated to Adelaide United FC
Veselin Marchev is affiliated to OFC Sliven 2000
"Missoula, Montana is located in United States"
Satyendra Nath Bose has won prize Padma Shri
Pierluigi Brivio is affiliated to Vicenza Calcio
Idrissa Laouali is affiliated to ASFA Yennenga
Lloyd Cole has musical role wordnet piano 103928116
Pól Jóhannus Justinussen plays for Valur Football Club
Bruno Gama plays for F.C. Porto
Suat Zendeli plays for FK Shkëndija
Ralph Hasenhüttl has gender female
West Indies is located in Europe
Gregor Rioch plays for Northwich Victoria F.C.
Ben Griffin (footballer) is affiliated to Queensland Lions FC
Ludwin Van Nieuwenhuyze plays for K.S.V. Oudenaarde
P. D. James has gender male
Albay is located in Bicol Region
Jacob Cats plays for Spain national under-16 football team
Franck Dumas plays for AS Monaco FC
Göran Enckelman plays for Nyköpings BIS
Sid Rawlings is affiliated to Preston North End F.C.
John Fleck (footballer) is affiliated to Scotland national under-17 football team
Jerry Dawson (footballer born 1909) is affiliated to Scottish Football League XI
Sidney Kargbo plays for RWDM Brussels FC
Paul Martin has gender male
"Margaret of Geneva is married to Thomas, Count of Savoy"
Juan Manuel Peña is affiliated to Bolivia national football team
Charlie Christie was born in Glasgow
Charles de Broqueville is politician of France
Frederick Augustus I of Saxony has won prize Military Order of St. Henry
Aleksey Skvernyuk is affiliated to FC Slavia-Mozyr
Alex Harley was born in Birmingham
"Gmina Jabłonna, Masovian Voivodeship is located in Masovian Voivodeship"
Martin Paterson plays for Grimsby Town F.C.
Nathan Stanton was born in Nottingham
Ihor Shopin plays for FC Ihroservice Simferopol
Gmina Końskowola is located in Puławy County
Mohammad-Esmail Nazari plays for PAS Hamedan F.C.
Lakeland is located in Polk County (Florida)
Les Thompson (footballer born 1988) plays for A.F.C. Hornchurch
Marcus Haber plays for Canada men's national youth soccer teams
Tom Parratt has gender female
Georgette Heyer has gender female
Vyacheslav Kernozenko plays for FC Kryvbas Kryvyi Rih
Sam Raimi directed Spider-Man 3
Billy Foulkes is affiliated to Winsford United F.C.
Stuart Tuck plays for Bognor Regis Town F.C.
Jun Uruno is affiliated to Honda F.C.
Bernard Bolzano influences Kazimierz Twardowski
Andrés Díaz (footballer) is affiliated to Club Deportes Concepción
Željko Sopić plays for NK Lokomotiva
Arthur Lever (footballer) has gender male
Bigambo Rochat plays for Switzerland national under-17 football team
Michael Carr (footballer) is affiliated to Kidsgrove Athletic F.C.
Christian Reimann is affiliated to 1. FC Magdeburg
Furio Scarpelli died in Rome
Michael Kay (footballer) is affiliated to Chester F.C.
Abram Samoilovitch Besicovitch graduated from University of Cambridge
Joe Fagan plays for Hyde F.C.
Sidney Shachnow has won prize Silver Star
Charles Perrault has gender female
Daniel Opare is affiliated to Ashanti Gold SC
Brian Healy (footballer) plays for Spennymoor United F.C.
Georg Trakl is citizen of Austria
Damien Byrne is affiliated to Crusaders F.C.
"Greensburg, Pennsylvania is located in United States"
"Steve Thompson (footballer, born 1963) has gender male"
Marco Adaggio is affiliated to Rushall Olympic F.C.
Scott Chaplain is affiliated to Ayr United F.C.
Adam Buckley plays for Sleaford Town F.C.
Clark Atlanta University is located in Atlanta
Persi Diaconis is citizen of United Kingdom
Roman Týce plays for SpVgg Unterhaching
Adalberto Hilário Ferreira Neto is affiliated to Clube Atlético Mineiro
Greg Berry is affiliated to East Thurrock United F.C.
"North Bend, Ohio is located in Hamilton County (Ohio)"
Restoration (1995 film) is located in United States
Richard Roelofsen plays for Heracles Almelo
Paul Crowley plays for St Patrick's Athletic F.C.
Stephen Keel is affiliated to IMG Academy Bradenton
Hernán Crespo is affiliated to S.S. Lazio
Bruno Perone has gender male
Andres Oper has gender female
Märt Kosemets is affiliated to FC Elva
Srđan Urošević is affiliated to FK Smederevo
Simon Yam was born in Hong Kong
Nathan Jarman is affiliated to Corby Town F.C.
Joel Etienne-Clark is affiliated to Ilford F.C.
Dermot O'Neill (footballer) plays for Glenavon F.C.
Malcolm Webster is affiliated to Cambridge United F.C.
Kirkwall is located in Scotland
Vitaliy Skysh plays for SC Odesa
Leandro Augusto is affiliated to Sport Club Internacional
Glen Southam is affiliated to Barnet F.C.
Necat Aygün plays for TSV 1860 München
Elvis Scott plays for Platense F.C.
Eric Avery has musical role wordnet piano 103928116
Scott Y. Thomson plays for Lothian Thistle Hutchison Vale F.C.
Ernest Akouassaga is affiliated to AS Mangasport
Brandenburg-Prussia participated in Second Northern War
Franz Gerber plays for Calgary Boomers
Roei Dayan is affiliated to Israel national under-21 football team
Dino Risi created I mostri
Nicollette Sheridan has gender male
Bram Verbist plays for SC Eendracht Aalst
"Queen Paola of Belgium has child Princess Astrid of Belgium, Archduchess of Austria-Este"
Víctor Ramón Ferreira is affiliated to Real Garcilaso
Jean-Michel Tchouga is affiliated to FC Luzern
"Paris, Tennessee is located in Henry County, Tennessee"
Gmina Końskowola is located in Lublin Voivodeship
Juan Carlos Menseguez plays for San Lorenzo de Almagro
Florian Philippot is married to fr/Jean-François Jalkh
David Rangel Pastor plays for Burjassot CF
Derek Strong has gender female
"Doral, Florida is located in Miami-Dade County, Florida"
Farashband County is located in Fars Province
Seán Lemass died in Dublin
"Stawell, Victoria is located in Ballarat"
Nantwich is located in Cheshire East
Martin Johansen was born in Glostrup
Tse Man Wing plays for Hong Kong national football team
Teslim Fatusi is affiliated to Viettel F.C.
Reinhold Fanz was born in Heilbronn
Ronald Maul is affiliated to Hansa Rostock
"Archibald Primrose, 5th Earl of Rosebery was born in Paris"
Hugh Davidson (footballer) has gender male
John Queeley is affiliated to CASL Elite
Jiří Novotný (footballer) plays for FK Chmel Blšany
Niclas Jensen plays for F.C. Copenhagen
Colin Brazier (footballer) is affiliated to Jacksonville Tea Men
Guido Westerwelle graduated from University of Bonn
Adewale Sunday Amusan plays for Lobi Stars F.C.
Atle Roar Håland is affiliated to Aarhus Gymnastikforening
Tom Ammiano lives in California
Viv Anderson is affiliated to Nottingham Forest F.C.
Ouro-Nimini Tchagnirou plays for Stade Malien
Brian Croft plays for Shrewsbury Town F.C.
Máté Kiss is affiliated to Hungary national under-21 football team
Ruben Studdard has won prize Grammy Award
Yoshinori Abe is affiliated to Kawasaki Frontale
Fernando Meneses plays for Cobreloa
Raúl Goni plays for FC Cartagena
Calum Davenport is affiliated to England national under-20 football team
Reynaldo Pineda is affiliated to C.D. Victoria
Pedro Largo Carazo has gender male
Ceyhan is located in Adana Province
Lower Carniola is located in Slovenia
Thomas Kristensen is affiliated to Denmark national football team
Frank Magerman plays for Waasland-Beveren
George Hannah (footballer born 1928) has gender male
Óscar Nadin Díaz González plays for Club Presidente Hayes
Romano Perticone plays for Hellas Verona F.C.
Steve Derrett is affiliated to Aldershot F.C.
Mark Edusei is affiliated to King Faisal Babes FC
Ștefan Mardare is affiliated to FC Dinamo București
Robert T. Frederick has gender female
Walther Bothe works at Humboldt University of Berlin
Konstantin Beskov plays for FC Dynamo Moscow
Kolar is located in Karnataka
Mate Brajković plays for NK Pomorac Kostrena
Emil Dică is affiliated to FC Internațional Curtea de Argeș
Tsvetan Genkov plays for Bulgaria national under-21 football team
Claude Chabrol created Les plus belles escroqueries du monde
Billy Stark plays for St. Mirren F.C.
Gunnar Halle is affiliated to Norway national football team
Andy Melville is affiliated to Swansea City A.F.C.
Nils Petersen has gender female
"South Orange, New Jersey is located in New Jersey"
Kléber de Carvalho Corrêa plays for Hannover 96
Ramazan Sal plays for Muğlaspor
"Goldsboro, North Carolina is located in United States"
Steve Goble plays for FC Groningen
Omar Israel Jaime has gender female
Jason Crowe is affiliated to Arsenal F.C.
fr/Jean-Toussaint Desanti influences Jacques Derrida
Peter Larsson (footballer born 1961) is affiliated to AIK Solna
Umberto Del Core plays for Taranto F.C. 1927
Hironobu Kageyama has musical role wordnet vocal music 107282006
Ilias Anastasakos plays for Thrasyvoulos F.C.
Crossroads (2002 film) is located in United States
Egidio Calloni is affiliated to A.S. Varese 1910
Alexander Korda directed The Thief of Bagdad (1940 film)
Juvenal Gomes da Silva is affiliated to FC Naftan Novopolotsk
Vlatko Glavaš was born in Bugojno
Nikolaj Hansen was born in Roskilde
Nico Van Der Linden plays for K.F.C. Verbroedering Geel
Lachute is located in Quebec
Jimmy McAlinden plays for Ireland national football team (1882–1950)
Capua is located in Campania
Keith Houchen plays for Scunthorpe United F.C.
Borja Sánchez Luque plays for Sporting de Gijón
Art Welch plays for San Diego Jaws
Elshan Mammadov is affiliated to FK Standard Sumgayit
Pius Ikedia has gender female
Joe Corrigan is affiliated to England national under-21 football team
Gmina Łabowa is located in Nowy Sącz County
J. Paul Reddam lives in United States
Predrag Ristović plays for FK Obilić
John Fleck (footballer) is affiliated to Rangers F.C.
Lys Mouithys plays for Hyères FC
Aris Xevghenis plays for Panetolikos F.C.
Marcos Ferreira Xavier is affiliated to Karvan FK
Michalis Sifakis is affiliated to OFI Crete
Nagendra Babu has won prize National Film Awards (India)
Peter Wakeham is affiliated to Lincoln City F.C.
Zekirija Ramadan has gender male
Viktor Budyanskiy is affiliated to Reggina Calcio
Dominic Maroh has gender male
Kevin Fallon plays for Rotherham United F.C.
Nikola Nikić plays for FK Modriča
Colin Waldron plays for Mossley A.F.C.
Zalău is located in Transylvania
Dioh Williams plays for FC Alania Vladikavkaz
Gmina Miastko is located in Bytów County
Paul Kirkham is affiliated to Trafford F.C.
Milutin Šoškić plays for FK Partizan
Cristian Rodríguez is affiliated to S.L. Benfica
Aïmen Demai plays for 1. FC Saarbrücken
Gary Ford has gender female
Marcin Smoliński is affiliated to Olimpia Grudziądz
Mark Elrick is affiliated to Central United
Ptolemy X Alexander I has child Ptolemy IX Lathyros
Leandro Eleutério de Souza has gender male
Léster Blanco plays for El Salvador national under-20 football team
Poon Yiu Cheuk is affiliated to Hong Kong national football team
Ricardo Aparecido Tavares is affiliated to Cuiabá Esporte Clube
Dave Creighton has gender female
fr/Massif du Piton des Neiges is located in La Possession
"Liam Henderson (footballer, born 1989) was born in Newcastle upon Tyne"
Ilan Araújo Dall'Igna was born in Curitiba
Stanley Menzo is affiliated to A.V.V. Zeeburgia
The 3DO Company is located in Redwood City
Jatto Ceesay is affiliated to Digenis Akritas Morphou
Kim Kardashian is married to The Underdogs (production team)
"North Bend, Ohio is located in Hamilton County, Ohio"
Oleh Mazurenko is affiliated to FC Dynamo-3 Kyiv
Pape Abdou Camara is affiliated to Senegal national under-23 football team
Muş Province is located in Muş
Bryan Anderson (politician) has gender female
Jack Klugman has won prize Emmy Award
Jefferson Davis graduated from Transylvania University
Jackie Swindells was born in Manchester
Richmond (California) is located in Contra Costa County
Dejan Joksimović was born in Belgrade
David Rodríguez Sánchez has gender male
Imad Khalili plays for Helsingborgs IF
Sandy MacFarlane is affiliated to Airdrieonians F.C. (1878)
Rasim Kara is affiliated to Turkey national football team
Komodo Airport is connected to Frans Seda Airport
Demba Traoré is affiliated to Asker Fotball
Paul Jarvie is affiliated to Stenhousemuir F.C.
Masashi Hamauzu has gender female
Kilkis (regional unit) is located in Greece
Javodullo Ibragimov is affiliated to Mash’al Mubarek
"Anadia, Portugal is located in Aveiro District"
Carlos Pedro Silva Morais is affiliated to Al-Sailiya SC
Willie Ormond was born in Falkirk
Jimmy Nielsen has gender female
Serhiy Zhuravlyov is affiliated to FC Metalist Kharkiv
Michael Modubi plays for South Africa national football team
Josip Kuže died in Belgrade
Mark Bell (ice hockey) is affiliated to Toronto Maple Leafs
"Vitória da Conquista is located in Northeast Region, Brazil"
Paul Hendrie plays for Portland Timbers (1975–82)
Thomas Seeliger is affiliated to Lüneburger SK
Leandro Teixeira Dantas is affiliated to Oeste Futebol Clube
Daragh O'Malley acted in Sharpe's Enemy (TV programme)
Jonathan Holland plays for Ħamrun Spartans F.C.
"Bryn Mawr, Pennsylvania is located in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania"
Andy Aitken (footballer born 1877) is affiliated to Kilmarnock F.C.
Álvaro Recoba plays for Uruguay national football team
Andrée Jeglertz plays for Umeå FC
Rovérsio is affiliated to F.C. Paços de Ferreira
Peter Farrell (Irish footballer) is affiliated to Ireland national football team (1882–1950)
The Ring (2002 film) is located in United States
Salah Bakour is affiliated to FC Istres
Battle of Changsha (1942) happened in Hunan
Jefferson Charles de Souza Pinto plays for Olaria Atlético Clube
Enrique Chazarreta plays for Argentina national football team
John Miles (musician) has gender male
Scott Laird is affiliated to Tiverton Town F.C.
Milan Gajić is affiliated to FK Napredak Kruševac
Bruno Demetrio Iotti is affiliated to Ituano Futebol Clube
Cape Colony is located in Africa
Pat Metheny has musical role wordnet electric guitar 103272010
Danny Spiller is affiliated to Dagenham & Redbridge F.C.
Gaston Monnerville is affiliated to fr/Gauche démocratique (France)
Irakli Shengelia is affiliated to FC Dinamo Batumi
Alioune Kébé is affiliated to FC Gueugnon
Husref Musemić plays for FK Sarajevo
Stephen Quinn plays for Sheffield United F.C.
Municipality of Jesenice is located in Gorenjska Statistical Region
Province of Oristano is located in Oristano
Zhoushan Putuoshan Airport is connected to Guangzhou Baiyun International Airport
John Herrick is affiliated to Limerick F.C.
Fredson Câmara Pereira plays for RCD Espanyol
Jimmy McAlinden plays for Republic of Ireland national football team
Giorgio Corona is affiliated to S.S.D. Città di Brindisi
Juan Pablo Reyes plays for Rochester Rhinos
Enri Tafaj plays for FK Tomori Berat
Zoumana Camara plays for SC Bastia
Claude Chevalley died in Paris
Jamel Mitchell is affiliated to Nashville Metros
Antoine Cuissard was born in Nice
Yevgeni Tarasov has gender male
Alfredo Padilla plays for Boyacá Chicó F.C.
Daley Blind plays for AFC Ajax
Ebrahim Taghipour is affiliated to Sanat Sari F.C.
Cortez Belle is affiliated to Newport County A.F.C.
Joseba Garmendia plays for CD Numancia
"Bodø Airport is connected to Trondheim Airport, Værnes"
Owen Coll plays for Cheshunt F.C.
Alex Emenike was born in Enugu
Oda Nobunaga has gender female
Andres Oper has gender male
Tsvetan Genkov plays for Wisła Kraków
Robert Bruce Lindsay has gender female
Matt Hocking is affiliated to Boston Town F.C.
Nassim Ben Khalifa plays for FC Lausanne-Sport
Daniel Larsson (footballer) has gender female
Josh Wright plays for England national under-17 football team
Guðmundur Mete plays for Iceland national under-19 football team
Gary Brazil is affiliated to Slough Town F.C.
Hannah Bromley is affiliated to Sydney FC W-League
Giorgos Skartados plays for Greece national football team
Carlos Mota Pinto is affiliated to Socialist Party (Portugal)
Ustrzyki Dolne is located in Gmina Ustrzyki Dolne
Vladimir Mićović is affiliated to FC Absheron
Jamie Swanner was born in St. Louis
Jan Tomaszewski plays for Śląsk Wrocław
Paul Kohler is affiliated to Newcastle Jets FC
Enid Bennett is married to Fred Niblo
Éric Matoukou is affiliated to Cameroon national football team
Fredson Câmara Pereira plays for Paraná Clube
Yehoshua Feigenbaum is affiliated to Hapoel Tel Aviv F.C.
Javier Delgado plays for Uruguay national football team
Mohamed Kaboré is affiliated to ASFA Yennenga
Rodrigo Candido Andrade plays for Rio Branco Sport Club
Andre McCollin plays for Croydon Athletic F.C.
Rod Blagojevich has gender female
Norway is located in Europe
Filippo Inzaghi plays for Atalanta B.C.
Leighton Phillips plays for Charlton Athletic F.C.
Gislaved Municipality is located in Coastal Småland
"Kōriyama, Fukushima is located in Tohoku"
Paul O'Grady (footballer) is affiliated to Tampines Rovers FC
Český Krumlov is located in Czech Republic
The Ring (2002 film) is located in United Kingdom
Kevin Goldthwaite plays for Houston Dynamo
Paul Urlovic was born in Wellington
Scott Loach is affiliated to England national under-21 football team
Oracle Corporation is located in Redwood City
Georges Peyroche is affiliated to Nîmes Olympique F.C.
Proctor Hall is affiliated to Preston North End F.C.
Christophe Meslin plays for Stade Rennais F.C.
Davide Dias is affiliated to FC Brașov
Ricardo Berna is affiliated to Associação Atlética Portuguesa (Santos)
Pyotr Bystrov plays for FC Lokomotiv Nizhny Novgorod
Derek Young plays for Knattspyrnudeild UMFG
Akkineni Nagarjuna is married to Amala (actress)
Edmundo Alves de Souza Neto plays for Clube de Regatas do Flamengo
Stéphane Grichting plays for FC Sion
Bojan Neziri has gender female
Robert Kłos plays for Sparta Brodnica
Nicolas Timmermans is affiliated to R. White Daring Molenbeek
Ivan Cvjetković is affiliated to K. Sint-Truidense V.V.
Jim Baker (footballer) is affiliated to Nelson F.C.
Mamoru Oshii directed Ghost in the Shell
Miranda Lambert influences Alina Smith
Alan Gilzean plays for Aldershot Town F.C.
Dean Holden plays for Chesterfield F.C.
Chris Konopka plays for Sporting Fingal F.C.
Henning Munk Jensen plays for San Jose Earthquakes (1974–88)
Scott Y. Thomson plays for Airdrieonians F.C. (1878)
Guido Masetti is affiliated to A.S. Roma
Tamás Pető plays for Újpest FC
Magadan is located in Magadan Oblast
Kettering is located in Borough of Kettering
Raymond Domenech plays for FC Mulhouse
Vladimir Mićović is affiliated to SC Tavriya Simferopol
Sebastián Hernández has gender male
Dave Osei plays for FC Dordrecht
Patiyo Tambwe plays for DR Congo national football team
Prevalje is located in Slovenia
Gmina Płońsk is located in Płońsk County
David Cowling plays for Reading F.C.
Roberto Fabian Sanchez Doldan plays for Hapoel Rishon LeZion F.C.
Ron Vlaar is affiliated to Aston Villa F.C.
Jonathan Holland plays for Birkirkara F.C.
Jimmy McAlinden plays for Ireland national football team (1882–1950)
David Bowie has won prize Ivor Novello Awards
Chris Columbus (filmmaker) has gender female
Kenny Beech plays for Walsall F.C.
Abbottabad District is located in Abbottabad
Marco Sau plays for Calcio Lecco 1912
Carl Shutt plays for Sheffield Wednesday F.C.
Valerio Foglio plays for U.C. AlbinoLeffe
Hamad Ndikumana is affiliated to Rayon Sports F.C.
Darren Cann plays for Newton Abbot A.F.C.
Joel Etienne-Clark is affiliated to Maldon &amp; Tiptree F.C.
Marco Bernacci was born in Cesena
Orhan Kapucu plays for Diyarbakırspor
Narit Taweekul is affiliated to BEC Tero Sasana F.C.
Valerio Bacigalupo has gender male
Ștefan Grigorie plays for FC Caracal
Guðmundur Steinarsson plays for Keflavík Football Club
Gabriel Silva (footballer) is affiliated to Granada C.F.
Bolo (footballer) plays for Athletic Bilbao
Dean Keates plays for Hull City A.F.C.
William Orbit has musical role wordnet vocal music 107282006
Valère Germain is affiliated to France national under-20 football team
Battle of Valmy happened in Kingdom of Prussia
Ulrich Le Pen is affiliated to RC Strasbourg
Alex Stepney is affiliated to Dallas Tornado
Viv Anderson is affiliated to Manchester United F.C.
"College Station, Texas is located in Brazos County, Texas"
Thomas Swords plays for United States men's national soccer team
Garðar Jóhannsson plays for Valur Football Club
Jacques Peyrat is affiliated to Independent Republicans
Cristian Todea plays for Mantova F.C.
Hironobu Kageyama has musical role wordnet guitar 103467517
Mars Callahan created Spring Break '83
Kirkenes is located in Sør-Varanger
Lee Payne plays for Luton Town F.C.
Pat Metheny has musical role wordnet acoustic guitar 102676566
Vince Overson is affiliated to Stoke City F.C.
Donald Kagan has gender female
Zhao Tao is married to Jia Zhangke
Ken (musician) has musical role wordnet tambourine 104387400
Robert Siatka is affiliated to Stade de Reims
Pablo Jerez plays for Club Atlético Colón
The Wash (film) is located in United Kingdom
Łukasz Fabiański is affiliated to Mieszko Gniezno
Sam Malcolmson plays for Stop Out
Soufiane Alloudi is affiliated to Kawkab Marrakech
Vladimir Lisitsin plays for FC Spartak Semey
Olivier Veigneau is affiliated to FC Nantes
Karel Poborský plays for SK Dynamo České Budějovice
David Edgar (footballer) is affiliated to Canada men's national under-20 soccer team
Jimmy Murray (footballer born 1933) is affiliated to Raith Rovers F.C.
Eoin Doyle plays for Cherry Orchard F.C.
Malcolm Webster is affiliated to Fulham F.C.
Rhys Taylor plays for Wales national under-21 football team
"Roswell, Georgia is located in Fulton County, Georgia"
Stefan Spirovski plays for Macedonia national under-17 football team
Alexander Klitzpera plays for Alemannia Aachen
Milorad Ratković plays for FK Borac Banja Luka
Kaies Ghodhbane is affiliated to Torku Konyaspor
Dénes Szakály is affiliated to Zalaegerszegi TE
Đorđe Balašević has musical role wordnet vocal music 107282006
Primary Colors (film) is located in Japan
Gary Elkins has gender female
Yuri Shukanov is affiliated to FC Vitebsk
Ophélie Meilleroux is affiliated to France women's national football team
Tony Donatelli plays for Ocean City Nor'easters
Mike Williams (footballer born 1969) is affiliated to Maltby Main F.C.
Fulda is located in Hesse
Sergei Fedin has gender female
Igor Bugaiov plays for FC Tighina
"Holderness, New Hampshire is located in New Hampshire"
"Elk River, Minnesota is located in Minnesota"
Julio César de Andrade Moura is affiliated to Defensor Lima
"James Vaughan (footballer, born 1986) is affiliated to South Coast Wolves FC"
David Wheater plays for Middlesbrough F.C.
Oleh Mazurenko is affiliated to FC Desna Chernihiv
"Cathleen Galgiani lives in Stockton, California"
Laurie Abrahams has gender male
Juan Camilo Zúñiga is affiliated to Colombia national football team
Giuseppe Sculli plays for Delfino Pescara 1936
Cameron Jerome plays for England national under-21 football team
Steven Clark (footballer) is affiliated to Hornchurch F.C.
Thomas Thorninger is affiliated to Denmark national under-21 football team
Ross Smith (soccer) is affiliated to Portland Timbers U23s
Juan Camilo Zúñiga is affiliated to Colombia national under-20 football team
Cambodia deals with Cambodia
Alberto Saavedra is affiliated to Ontinyent CF
Reza Niknazar plays for Nassaji Mazandaran F.C.
"Ledyard, Connecticut is located in New London County"
Andy Roxburgh is affiliated to Queen's Park F.C.
Bruno Fernandes (footballer born 1974) has gender male
Chinghiz Aitmatov has won prize Lenin Prize
Raymond Marcellin is affiliated to Independent Republicans
Danny Jackman is affiliated to Kidderminster Harriers F.C.
Karim Soltani plays for Skoda Xanthi F.C.
Julie Andrews has won prize Emmy Award
Lee Trundle was born in Liverpool
Providence College is located in Rhode Island
Fred de Jong plays for Football Kingz FC
Lam Sheung Yee died in Hong Kong
Cathal Muckian has gender female
Martín Cáceres is affiliated to R.C. Recreativo de Huelva
Xenophontas Moschogiannis plays for Ethnikos Piraeus F.C.
Ádám Szalai is affiliated to Budapest Honvéd FC
Paolo Foglio is affiliated to F.B.C. Unione Venezia
"Martinsburg, West Virginia is located in Berkeley County, West Virginia"
Ryan Hall (footballer) plays for Lewes F.C.
Antti Heinola was born in Helsinki
Kaylyn Kyle plays for Boston Breakers
Jacques Santini plays for AS Saint-Étienne
Camden (New Jersey) is located in New Jersey
Darla Hood has gender female
Valeri Basiyev plays for FC Gazprom transgaz Stavropol Ryzdvyany
Kléber de Carvalho Corrêa plays for Santos FC
Rodrigo Candido Andrade plays for J. Malucelli Futebol
Sergei Khizhnichenko plays for Kazakhstan national football team
Nakor Bueno plays for UE Lleida
Hélder Postiga is affiliated to F.C. Porto
Bruno Grougi plays for Clermont Foot
Ignacio Scocco has gender male
Emilio Colombo is politician of Italy
Ihar Stasevich is affiliated to Belarus national under-21 football team
Munich Airport is connected to Budapest Ferenc Liszt International Airport
Bruno Candido Farias is affiliated to Porto Alegre Futebol Clube
Mathias Unkuri is affiliated to Ängelholms FF
Alexander von Linsingen has won prize Order of the Black Eagle
Miroslav Lažo has gender female
Simon Travis is affiliated to Nuneaton Town F.C.
Pasquale Berardi plays for A.S.D. Sulmona Calcio 1921
Port Coquitlam is located in Metro Vancouver
Moussa Ouattara is affiliated to ASFA Yennenga
Uche Iheruome is affiliated to FC Shurtan Guzar
Yermy Hernández plays for Heredia Jaguares de Peten
Claudinho plays for Clube do Remo
Arturo Velazco is affiliated to Los Angeles Salsa
Tomasz Wieszczycki plays for Polonia Warsaw
Mahmoud Abd El-Aty is affiliated to Al Ittihad Alexandria
Milan Černý is affiliated to Czech Republic national under-21 football team
Metropolitan Borough of Bury is located in Greater Manchester
Rajagopala Chidambaram lives in India
Celsinho plays for Londrina Esporte Clube
Ney Fabiano is affiliated to Wuachon United F.C.
Neilly Gibson is affiliated to Royal Albert F.C.
Frank Temile was born in Kiev
The Fog (2005 film) is located in Canada
Sidnei (footballer born 1989) plays for S.L. Benfica B
Claudio García was born in Buenos Aires
Shanon Carmelia plays for Curaçao national football team
Vladislav Ryzhkov plays for Russia national under-21 football team
Gregory Walters is affiliated to Waikato FC
Ayad Sadir has gender female
Andrej Panadić was born in Zagreb
Ivan Knezović plays for NK Omiš
Chris Makiese plays for Stade Lavallois
Bob Jack plays for Glossop North End A.F.C.
Tomasz Wieszczycki plays for ŁKS Łódź
Craig Mahon is affiliated to Vauxhall Motors F.C.
Jason Minett is affiliated to King's Lynn F.C.
Jay Nolly plays for Vancouver Whitecaps FC
Ljupčo Kmetovski has gender female
Dan O'Brien (soccer) plays for Tampa Bay Rowdies
Danny Jackman is affiliated to Stockport County F.C.
David Hellebuyck plays for OGC Nice
Laurence Hugh Frost has won prize Silver Star
Pavel Kováč plays for Olympiacos F.C.
Rui Komatsu plays for Kwansei Gakuin University
Gary Bell (footballer) plays for Bridgend Town A.F.C.
Bryan Adams has musical role wordnet harmonica 103494278
Buba Yohanna plays for C.R. Caála
Bojan Hodak plays for Jurong FC
Hal David died in Los Angeles
Jasmin Handanović is affiliated to NK Olimpija Ljubljana (defunct)
Mario Beata plays for Platense F.C.
Pero Pejić plays for Al-Faisaly FC (Harmah)
Michael O'Neill (footballer) plays for Northern Ireland national football B team
Neil Brisco plays for Leigh Genesis F.C.
Sebastian Jung plays for Eintracht Frankfurt II
Dioh Williams plays for Liberia national football team
Stuart Tuck plays for Burgess Hill Town F.C.
Jenin is located in West Bank
Saul Deeney is affiliated to Republic of Ireland national under-21 football team
Joaquín Larrivey plays for Rayo Vallecano
Joleon Lescott plays for Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C.
Adrian Pettigrew is affiliated to Cheshunt F.C.
La Roche-sur-Foron is located in Rhône-Alpes
Devdas (2002 Hindi film) is located in India
Michael Umaña is affiliated to Deportivo Saprissa
Spencer Verbiest plays for Waasland-Beveren
Michael Freedman has won prize National Medal of Science
Yaser Yıldız is affiliated to Kartal S.K.
Jack Gregory (footballer) is affiliated to Hastings United F.C. (1948)
Michael Carr (footballer) is affiliated to Stafford Rangers F.C.
Naser al-Din Shah Qajar has won prize Order of Saint Stanislaus (Imperial House of Romanov)
Oscar Crino is affiliated to Preston Lions FC
Kelvin Etuhu plays for Leicester City F.C.
Ilias Anastasakos plays for AEK Athens F.C.
Near Dark is located in United Kingdom
Lajos Kovács was born in Budapest
Johns Hopkins University is located in United States
Mahesh Babu is married to Namrata Shirodkar
Ryszard Jankowski is affiliated to Warta Poznań
Suzana Ćebić is affiliated to Serbia women's national volleyball team
Sammy Todd is affiliated to Dallas Tornado
Xavier Gravelaine plays for RC Strasbourg
Apostol Popov is affiliated to PFC Belite orli Pleven
Alanzinho has gender male
Maria II of Portugal is married to Maria II of Portugal
"Raša, Istria County is located in Croatia"
Ian Spittal is affiliated to Arbroath F.C.
Cristian Oros is affiliated to FC Olimpia Satu Mare
Antonio Puche has gender male
Bataan is located in Central Luzon
Mario Scelba is politician of France
Karen Uhlenbeck has gender female
Jamel Mitchell is affiliated to Sporting Kansas City
Prevalje is located in Carinthia Statistical Region
Dunston Checks In is located in United Kingdom
"Sainte-Anne-de-Bellevue, Quebec is located in Quebec"
Péter Czvitkovics plays for Puskás Akadémia FC
Guido Masetti is affiliated to Hellas Verona F.C.
Rock County is located in Wisconsin
Carsten V. Jensen is affiliated to Boldklubben 1903
Ilia Kandelaki plays for FC Zestafoni
Renan Bardini Bressan plays for Belarus national under-23 football team
Chichester District is located in South East England
André Scotti Ossemer plays for Rio Preto Esporte Clube
Ramón da Silva Ramos plays for Sport Club do Recife
"Sainte-Anne-de-Bellevue, Quebec is located in fr/Agglomération de Montréal"
Michael I of Romania has gender female
Slavko Ištvanić is affiliated to HNK Segesta
Target Corporation is located in United States
"Norman Foster Ramsey, Jr. was born in New York City"
Gregor Rioch plays for Peterborough United F.C.
Johan Plat is affiliated to PEC Zwolle
Paolo de la Haza is affiliated to Peru national football team
Jonathan Leathers plays for Augusta FireBall
Toni Calvo is affiliated to Spain national under-17 football team
Joel Edgerton created The Square (2008 film)
Marouane Chamakh plays for FC Girondins de Bordeaux
Kemal Bourhani was born in Marseille
Maksim Azovskiy is affiliated to FC Akzhayik
Dragoljub Brnović is affiliated to FC Aris Bonnevoie
Luis Barbat was born in Montevideo
Toshihide Maskawa graduated from Kyoto University
Pegguy Arphexad is affiliated to Lille OSC
Stephen Keel is affiliated to Portland Timbers (2001–10)
Jordy Buijs is affiliated to De Graafschap
Errol Crossan is affiliated to Toronto City
Mutamba Milambo plays for Le Havre AC
Steve Shak has gender female
Josef Mazura plays for SKN St. Pölten
Jimmy McStay plays for Celtic F.C.
Hal Kanter has gender male
Prince Alfons of Bavaria has won prize Order of the Black Eagle
Karel Poborský plays for Czech Republic national football team
Silvio Benítez plays for Club Presidente Hayes
Bill Paterson (footballer born 1898) is affiliated to Fall River F.C.
Andy Roxburgh is affiliated to Partick Thistle F.C.
Naz Aydemir plays for Turkey women's national volleyball team
Sebastião Miranda da Silva Filho plays for América Futebol Clube (SP)
Tomasz Zahorski plays for Górnik Łęczna
Klevis Dalipi plays for A.D. Ovarense
Ken Tokura is affiliated to Thespakusatsu Gunma
Aram Hakobyan is affiliated to FC Dvin Artashat
Zdeněk Pospěch is affiliated to FC Ostrava-Jih
Elsa Zylberstein has won prize César Award
Battle of Leuthen happened in Archduchy of Austria
Manuel Amoros is affiliated to France national football team
Milan Lešnjak is affiliated to Saturn Moscow Oblast
Elvis Onyema is affiliated to Recreativo de Huelva B
Ashley Grimes (English footballer) is affiliated to Bolton Wanderers F.C.
Edgar Gess plays for FC Spartak Moscow
Renato Silva plays for Goiás Esporte Clube
Mike Jones (footballer) is affiliated to Shrewsbury Town F.C.
Brendan Gleeson has won prize Jacob's Award
Jason Minett is affiliated to Lincoln City F.C.
Sara Seager lives in Massachusetts
Roger Ljung has gender female
Dietrich Albrecht plays for Cleveland Stokers
İsmail Köybaşı is affiliated to Turkey national under-21 football team
Christoph Teinert plays for 1. FSV Mainz 05
İsmail Köybaşı is affiliated to Gaziantepspor
Margarito González plays for Cruz Azul
Cho Se-kwon is affiliated to Chongqing Lifan F.C.
Brian Pilkington (footballer) is affiliated to Chorley F.C.
Mitchell Schet is affiliated to SBV Excelsior
Camillo Jerusalem plays for SR Colmar
Aylesbury is located in Aylesbury Vale
Paulo Francisco da Silva Paz plays for Grêmio Esportivo Brasil
"Waldorf Astor, 2nd Viscount Astor has gender female"
Bobby Barclay has gender female
Fabrício Silva Dornellas is affiliated to Brazil national under-20 football team
Zell am See is located in Austria
Kevin Sakuda plays for Washington Crossfire
John Danielsen is affiliated to Denmark national football team
Rio Maior Municipality is located in Santarém District
Rodrigo Galatto is affiliated to Málaga CF
Bohdan Shust has gender male
Nick Barmby plays for England national football team
Pyotr Bystrov plays for FC Saturn Ramenskoye
Mohammad Alavi (footballer) plays for Gostaresh Foulad F.C.
Wojtek Zarzycki plays for Miedź Legnica
First Portuguese Republic participated in Western Front (World War I)
Brendan McManus is affiliated to Newry City F.C.
Ibrahima Traoré is affiliated to Levallois SC
Mark Kinsella plays for Lewes F.C.
Emiliano Alfaro is affiliated to Al-Wasl
Antonis Manikas is affiliated to Kallithea F.C.
Dave Langan has gender male
Dave Gwyther was born in Cardiff
Robson Ponte is affiliated to Clube Atlético Juventus
Michel Blanc acted in Les Bronzés
Uwe Zötzsche plays for East Germany national football team
Cape Colony is located in Southern Africa
Matt Phillips is affiliated to Wycombe Wanderers F.C.
Eric Clapton has gender male
Lajos Sătmăreanu plays for FC Progresul București
Balázs Borbély is affiliated to AEL Limassol
Lincoln Chafee graduated from Montana State University
Benny Gall is affiliated to Kjøbenhavns Boldklub
"Hatfield, Hertfordshire is located in England"
Keon Daniel is affiliated to Miedź Legnica
Andrés Díaz (footballer) is affiliated to Rosario Central
Hovhannes Goharyan has gender female
Vyacheslav Danilin plays for FC Salyut Belgorod
Bálint Bajner is affiliated to CF Liberty Oradea
Luciana Paluzzi is married to Brett Halsey
"Madison County, Mississippi is located in United States"
de/Martin Zajac is affiliated to HK Nitra
Lee Howey plays for Nuneaton Town F.C.
Lars Ivar Moldskred plays for IL Hødd
Bobby Baxter (footballer born 1911) is affiliated to Musselburgh Athletic F.C.
Steven A. Benner plays for Algeria national under-23 football team
Emmanuel Ake plays for Kenya national football team
Alfredo Pitto is affiliated to A.S. Livorno Calcio
Sander Post is affiliated to Aalesunds FK
Boris Bandov is affiliated to Fort Lauderdale Sun
John Bacon (footballer) was born in Derry
Gislaved Municipality is located in Jönköping County
Lee Norfolk is affiliated to Felixstowe & Walton United F.C.
Milenko Špoljarić is affiliated to Cyprus national football team
Kareem Smith is affiliated to FC Tucson
Luc Zoa is affiliated to Orlando Pirates
Nguyen Vu Phong plays for Vietnam national under-23 football team
Waldemir Marques de Brito plays for Beijing Hongdeng F.C.
Christian Cellay plays for Club Atlético Huracán
Gilson Luís Pinheiro Júnior plays for FC Kreuzlingen
Mohamed Fadl is affiliated to Ismaily SC
Mehmet Durakovic plays for Brunswick Juventus FC
"Aoyama Gakuin University is located in Shibuya, Tokyo"
Omar Sívori is affiliated to C.A. River Plate
"Los Altos Hills, California is located in San Francisco Bay Area"
Jamie Green (footballer) is affiliated to Rotherham United F.C.
Patrice Lecornu is affiliated to FC Nantes
Mostafa Gaafar is affiliated to Egypt national football team
Sežana is located in Slovene Littoral
Cathleen Galgiani lives in California
Michele Pazienza plays for Foggia Calcio
John Lydon has gender male
Valère Germain is affiliated to France national under-21 football team
Ramazan Tavşancıoğlu plays for South Melbourne FC
Iderlindo Moreno Freire plays for Sparta Rotterdam
Claudio Ramiadamanana is affiliated to Madagascar national football team
Yakov M. Rabkin plays for MFK Frýdek-Místek
Derlis Soto is affiliated to 12 de Octubre Football Club
Solothurn is located in Switzerland
Ralph Allen (footballer) plays for Fulham F.C.
Colin McMenamin plays for Gretna F.C.
Maikel Aerts is affiliated to P.S.V. Eindhoven
Hal David died in New York City
Oliver Schäfer plays for 1. FC Saarbrücken
Ladislav Onofrej is affiliated to 1. HFK Olomouc
Louise Bogan has gender male
Bartłomiej Pawłowski is affiliated to Widzew Łódź
Jimmy Nielsen is affiliated to Denmark national under-21 football team
Milan Martinović plays for Shenyang Dongjin F.C.
Mike Chabala plays for Portland Timbers
Nico Van Der Linden plays for R. Cappellen F.C.
Roberto Wong plays for Deportivo Saprissa
Mark Edusei is affiliated to Torino F.C.
Carlos Logan plays for Chesterfield F.C.
Laura La Plante is married to William A. Seiter
Zoran Banović is affiliated to FK Čelik Nikšić
"Burlington, Wisconsin is located in Walworth County, Wisconsin"
Valeri Basiyev plays for Russian Amateur Football League
Raymond Marcellin is affiliated to Union for French Democracy
Stephen Foster (footballer) is affiliated to Barnsley F.C.
Milan Smiljanić is affiliated to F.K. Partizan
Rafael Carlos Santacruz has gender female
Derlis Soto is affiliated to Club Libertad
Dario Baldauf plays for FC Hard
Kaspars Dubra is affiliated to JFK Olimps
Ioan Lupescu has gender male
Billy Foulkes is affiliated to Wales national football team
Johnny Jaap has gender male
Marco Adaggio plays for Stafford Rangers F.C.
John B. Goodenough graduated from Yale University
Piyapong Pue-on is affiliated to Air Force Central F.C.
Adin Brown plays for Tampa Bay Mutiny
Saulo Squarsone Rodrigues dos Santos plays for Associação Desportiva Atlética do Paraná
Marvin Pourié plays for S.V. Zulte Waregem
Nymburk District is located in Central Bohemian Region
Soviet war in Afghanistan happened in Democratic Republic of Afghanistan
Stonehaven is located in AB postcode area
Pablo Jerez plays for Club Atlético Tigre
Jack Aston plays for Birmingham City F.C.
Cristian Todea plays for FC UTA Arad
Ricardo Berna is affiliated to Fluminense FC
Luke Howell plays for Folkestone Invicta F.C.
Juan Pablo Reyes plays for Orlando City U-23
Massimo Coda plays for Parma F.C.
Pascal Zuberbühler plays for FC Frauenfeld
"Dyer, Indiana is located in Indiana"
Aris Xevghenis plays for Chalkida F.C.
Littleton Groom is affiliated to Commonwealth Liberal Party
Radoslav Látal plays for FC Baník Ostrava
Mike Stowell is affiliated to Manchester City F.C.
Oleksandr Baranov plays for Lohjan Pallo
Gerald Asamoah is affiliated to FC Schalke 04 II
Aidan McCaffery plays for Exeter City F.C.
Keith Hill (footballer) plays for Morecambe F.C.
Gilbert Mushangazhike is affiliated to Manning Rangers F.C.
Valentin Nefyodov plays for FC Dolgoprudny
Ernesto Ochoa plays for C.D. Vista Hermosa
Michael Hurst has gender male
Eslöv is located in Skåne County
Victoria Lord plays for Zacatepec
Joan Verdú plays for FC Barcelona
Ouro-Nimini Tchagnirou plays for Club Olympique de Bamako
John Humphrey (footballer) is affiliated to Dulwich Hamlet F.C.
"William Birdwood, 1st Baron Birdwood has won prize Order of the Bath"
Miralem Pjanić is affiliated to Olympique Lyonnais
Ulrich van Gobbel is affiliated to Southampton F.C.
Friesach is located in Sankt Veit an der Glan District
Tuni (footballer) is affiliated to Hércules CF
Allan Hunter (footballer) is affiliated to Coleraine F.C.
Kenji Arai is affiliated to Albirex Niigata Singapore FC
Alfredo Mejía plays for Honduras national under-20 football team
Takashi Usami is affiliated to Japan national under-17 football team
Cho Hyun-doo is affiliated to Hanyang University
Reynaldo Pineda is affiliated to Real C.D. España
Sergei Khizhnichenko plays for FC Shakhter Karagandy
Ernst Mach has gender male
Alex Emenike was born in Lagos
Georgi Nemsadze is affiliated to Georgia national football team
Rainer Zietsch plays for KFC Uerdingen 05
Tony Donatelli plays for Temple Owls
Uğur Kavuk is affiliated to İstanbul Başakşehir F.K.
Reg Matthews is affiliated to Rugby Town F.C.
Milad Salem was born in Frankfurt
Josip Kuže died in Zagreb
Sidney Kargbo plays for R. White Daring Molenbeek
Martin Nash (soccer) is affiliated to Macclesfield Town F.C.
Sayed Mohamed Adnan is affiliated to Al-Arabi SC (Kuwait)
Cho Se-kwon is affiliated to South Korea national football team
Daniel Aquino Pintos plays for Atlético Madrid C
Qasem Burhan is affiliated to Qatar national football team
Mirnel Sadović is affiliated to SC Rheindorf Altach
Brian O'Donnell is affiliated to Salisbury City F.C.
Tony Kuhn plays for New England Revolution
Shannon Boxx is affiliated to Saint Louis Athletica
Charles Colson is affiliated to Democratic Party (United States)
Richard Wright (footballer) is affiliated to England national football team
Thomas Kristensen is affiliated to BK Søllerød-Vedbæk
Mikael Nilsson (footballer born 1978) plays for Halmstads BK
Latvia participated in Latvian War of Independence
Lamine Gassama plays for FC Lorient
Yasushi Kita is affiliated to Gainare Tottori
Robert Sara is affiliated to de/Favoritner AC
Nico Van Kerckhoven plays for FC Schalke 04
Konstantinos Lambropoulos plays for Asteras Tripoli F.C.
Thomas Richter (footballer born 1967) plays for SV Eintracht Trier 05
Hernán Pellerano plays for Club Atlético Vélez Sarsfield
Paulo Roberto da Silva Zaltron plays for União Agrícola Barbarense Futebol Clube
Rolf Widerøe lives in Switzerland
Giorgio Gorgone plays for A.S. Lucchese Libertas 1905
Rumen Trifonov is affiliated to PSFC Chernomorets Burgas
Cristian Brăneț plays for FCM Dunărea Galați
Ori Shitrit is affiliated to Israel national under-19 football team
Jassem Khalloufi is affiliated to Stade Tunisien
Fabián Canobbio plays for Uruguay national football team
Éric Deloumeaux is affiliated to Coventry City F.C.
Fabio Ceravolo has gender male
Liran Cohen is affiliated to Hapoel Haifa F.C.
Roderick Scott plays for Las Vegas Dustdevils
Mohammad Nosrati is affiliated to PAS Tehran F.C.
Grațian Sepi is affiliated to Venus București
Dave Langan has gender female
Michele Di Piedi plays for U.S. Castrovillari Calcio
Rijat Shala plays for KF Teuta Durrës
Teddy Davison was born in Sheffield
Christophe Avezac plays for AC Ajaccio
Owen Coll plays for Stevenage F.C.
Léster Blanco plays for El Salvador national under-21 football team
Gary Caldwell is affiliated to Scotland national football team
Michael Reda was born in Sydney
Candace Chapman has gender male
Georgette Heyer has gender male
Edward Metgod has gender female
Anthony Tonkin is affiliated to Cambridge United F.C.
Vagiz Galiullin is affiliated to Buxoro FK
Chichester District is located in West Sussex
Algirdas Butkevičius is affiliated to Labour Party (Lithuania)
Diego Orejuela plays for UE Figueres
Marcelo Aguiar Quarterole plays for Santa Cruz Futebol Clube
Chris Snitko plays for UCLA Bruins
Donella Meadows is citizen of United States
Grațian Sepi is affiliated to Romania national football team
South Gippsland Shire is located in Victoria (state)
Sergey Sosnovski is affiliated to FC Neman Grodno
Grigol Bediashvili plays for FC Norchi Dinamo Tbilisi
Kopřivnice is located in Czech Republic
Pavelas Leusas plays for FK Panerys Vilnius
Vanessa Redgrave is married to Tony Richardson
Grigol Bediashvili plays for FC WIT Georgia
Philip Wicksteed has gender female
Florin Sandu plays for FC Clinceni
Fred de Jong plays for Central United
Shola Ameobi has gender female
Kasper Bøgelund plays for AaB Fodbold
Jimmy Wardhaugh plays for Scottish Football League XI
Kassim Bizimana has gender male
Hugo Bargas plays for PEC Zwolle
Marcin Jałocha plays for Wisła Kraków
Cao Wei has currency Greek drachma
Mark Babic is affiliated to Sydney United 58 FC
Meyer Carlos de Camargo Júnior plays for Melbourne Knights FC
Chris Price plays for Cinderford Town A.F.C.
Mathieu Scarpelli plays for Étoile Fréjus Saint-Raphaël
Rade Petrović is affiliated to OFK Grbalj
Georges Van Parys has gender male
Dave Osei plays for Amsterdamsche FC
Thomas Thorninger is affiliated to Vejle Boldklub
Andrei Solomatin plays for PFC CSKA Moscow
Spencer Verbiest plays for R. Cappellen F.C.
Mattias Jonson is affiliated to Djurgårdens IF Fotboll
Luay Salah is affiliated to Al-Quwa Al-Jawiya
Félix José Hernández has gender male
Chendo has gender female
Leung Tsz Chun plays for Hong Kong national football team
Juan Arza is affiliated to Spain national football team
Uche Iheruome is affiliated to An Giang F.C.
Juan Carlos Cárdenas is affiliated to Racing Club de Avellaneda
Mikael Rynell is affiliated to Vejle Boldklub Kolding
Reda Al Tawrghe is affiliated to Olympic Azzaweya S.C.
Walter Freeman (footballer) plays for Telford United F.C.
Gary Caldwell is affiliated to Scotland national under-21 football team
Florin Sandu plays for FC Sportul Studențesc București
Blankenburg (Harz) is located in Harz
Rasim Kara is affiliated to Uşakspor
Gareth Cronin plays for Kildare County F.C.
"Mark Hudson (footballer, born 1982) plays for Crystal Palace F.C."
Baffour Gyan plays for FC Dynamo Moscow
Mark Proctor (footballer) has gender female
Nguyen Vu Phong plays for Vietnam national football team
Raoul Bott lives in United States
Bogdan Zając plays for FC Kärnten
Łukasz Załuska plays for Poland national football team
Clarence Seedorf plays for Ajax Youth Academy
Ahmed Al-Swaileh is affiliated to Saudi Arabia national football team
Tyler Perry directed Madea Goes to Jail
Radboud University Nijmegen is located in Nijmegen
Leoš Janáček Airport Ostrava is connected to Burgas Airport
Jaouad Zairi is affiliated to FC Nantes
Glasnevin is located in Leinster
Tortona is located in Piedmont
Sven Kaiser is affiliated to SV Lichtenberg 47
Gergő Jeremiás plays for Bőcs KSC
Christian Schreier plays for Rot-Weiss Essen
Massimo Gotti plays for Ternana Calcio
